\protect\hypertarget{titlepage.xhtml}{}{}

\protect\hypertarget{index_split_000.html}{}{}

NO. 6 \textbar{} Atsuko Asano

\protect\hypertarget{index_split_001_split_002.html}{}{}

\hypertarget{index_split_001_split_002.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_0}{%
\subsection{Volume
5}\label{index_split_001_split_002.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_0}}

\emph{I can't. . see. . Don't. . come. . near me. .}

\hypertarget{index_split_001_split_002.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_1}{}

\hypertarget{index_split_001_split_002.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_0}{}

\hypertarget{index_split_001_split_002.htmlux5cux23calibre_toc_2}{%
\subsection{CHAPTER
1}\label{index_split_001_split_002.htmlux5cux23calibre_toc_2}}

\subsubsection{A Prayer Yonder}

\emph{Good fortune, then,}

\emph{To make me blest, or cursed'st among men!}

\emph{- The Merchant of Venice Act II Scene I~}

Shion.

She tried to call to him. But her voice would not come out. Her tongue
would not move. Her arms and legs were heavy as if they had been bound
in shackles, and she could not get them free. Shion didn't turn around.
His back, clad in a white shirt, moved further and further away. Around
them was darkness. An inky black darkness spread out all around. There
was not even the smallest ray of light.

Shion, wait. You can't go.

Turn around. Come back home. Don't go any further.

The darkness shifted. It bristled slimily and reared like something
alive, and swallowed the retreating white back whole.

Shion!

A shriek tore through her throat. Terror turned into vicious pain as it
raced through her whole body. She tried to leap into the darkness after
Shion, but her body would still not move. She couldn't take a single
step forward.

Someone―someone help me. Stop him.

"Karan."

"Ma'am!"

She heard voices. Someone was holding her hand. She was shaken lightly.

"Karan, can you hear me? Can you hear my voice?"

"Ma'am, wake up!"

The voices had strength. The darkness was brushed away from her eyes,
and her vision lightened into a dim haze.

Oh―I hear you. I do hear you.

Karan opened her eyes. Her vision was blurry, like there was a veil
being draped over it. Two hazy faces―one of a tan man and one of a
girl―were peering into her face. But they were fleeting. She felt like
if she blinked, they would ripple and shimmer, and disappear.

She could smell bread. Butter rolls, with ample butter kneaded into the
dough. Come evening, Lost Town residents would flock to Karan's bakery
for her affordable and delicious breads: labourers, after a long day's
toil; hungry students; children with loose change in their fists―for
these poor customers, she had set the oven to finish baking at 5 o'clock
sharp. It looked like the outdated oven had functioned properly―the
dozen or so butter rolls were finished and ready.

For Karan, the aroma of baking bread was the aroma of life itself. The
savoury smell, now long familiar to her nose, yanked Karan energetically
back into the real world.

The veil was thrown off. The outline of two faces flew clearly into her
vision.

"Lili... Yoming..."

"Looks like you've come to," Yoming heaved a relieved sigh. Thank
goodness, his lips moved. "Can you get up? You don't have to force
yourself."

"Yes―I'm... I'm fine."

Yoming supported her while she raised her upper body. She had been lying
on an old sofa in a corner of her workspace.

"I... went unconscious..."

"Yeah," Yoming said. "Behind the display case there, you just kind of
crumpled to the ground. I was so startled. My heart's still going a mile
a minute."

Yoming flashed a relieved smile. Karan tried to smile back, but her
cheeks were stiff, and didn't move the way she wanted them to.

"Ma'am!" Lili threw herself at Karan and clung to her neck. Her eyes
were brimming with tears. "Ma'am, you're okay, right? You're okay now?"

Lili pressed her cheek against Karan's neck. It was wet. The arms that
clung to her were trembling as well. The little girl's tears were warm.
They were almost hot. Normally she would gently embrace the little girl,
but Karan's arms would still not move as she wanted them to. They were
still heavy, and she felt like she was still clawing about in her dream.

Shion.

She wanted to tear her hair out. She felt like she would go insane.
Right this moment, what if Shion was heading to a place where his
mother's hands could never reach? What if he was descending into the
depths of hell?

If he is, if that's really happening, what am I to do? What should I...

"Oh!" Lili gasped softly, and drew away from Karan. "They're little
mousies!"

A little brown mouse was sitting on the spice shelf. Another grey one
poked its furry face out from beside it.

"Hey, there's two." Lili raised two fingers. Were they siblings? The two
mice blinked their very similar grape-coloured eyes, and huddled
together.

One had brought her Shion's letter. But what about the other one?

"Lili, can you bring me a tiny piece of cheese from the fridge? It's in
the bottommost drawer."

"Okay."

Karan extended her hand up to the mice on the shelf, gently, but with as
much strength as she could. The tips of her fingers trembled. The two
mice looked at each other, and busily twitched their whiskers.

Cheep-cheep.

One of them encouraged the other, and the encouraged one turned to face
Karan. It had such small eyes, but they were eyes that showed
intelligence. These mice possessed intellect. They could understand
human language and emotions.

Karan reached out further. She turned her palm upwards.

Cheep. Cheep.

The grey one slipped forward. Without a minute of hesitation, it jumped
down onto her palm. It shook its head side-to-side, and spat a small
capsule out of its mouth. It was her second letter today.

"Ma'am, are you gonna give the cheese to the mousies?"

Karan nodded at Lili, and opened the capsule. It wasn't Shion's writing.
But she remembered seeing it before. It was the writing that had
extended a hand to Karan and pulled her up when she had been wallowing
in the depths of despair, after Shion was taken away by the Security
Bureau. It was the beautiful, flowing hand that showed its owner's
intelligence and resilient will. She could never forget this writing.

The short sentence didn't even add up to a tenth of his last note, but
Karan was able to heave a sigh of relief. A cool, soothing breeze blew
through her body. The obstruction in her chest, her airway, cleared
somewhat.

Oh, I can breathe.

It was too early to despair. She could not lose hope yet.

"Nezumi..." She found herself saying his name out loud. For an instant,
she felt like someone had put an arm around her shoulders. Although she
couldn't see it, she could feel strong and supple arms supporting her.

Reunion will come. Whatever happens, I will bring Shion back to you
alive. This I promise.

She could hear a low voice whisper at her ear. She breathed deeply
again.

Nezumi was there. Always, at any time, he would be by Shion's side. Her
boy was not alone.

"Karan, what's that?"

Yoming was peering into Karan's hand.

"A letter."

"Letter? Do the mice deliver the post where you live?"

"They do," she smiled. "And it's handwritten, too. Isn't it so much more
delightful than electronic mail?"

Now she could smile. Yoming and Lili looked at each other, and the
corners of their mouths turned up as well. Lili, who was breaking the
cheese and feeding it to the two mice, came up to Karan and buried her
cheek into Karan's bosom. This time, Karan could finally put her arms
around her properly.

"I was scared," Lili mumbled tearfully. "I was scared that... you
wouldn't move at all anymore... like Daddy... I was scared. Really
scared."

"Daddy? Did something happen to your Daddy, Lili?"

"My Daddy before. My real Daddy."

"What?"

Yoming shook his head slightly.

"Lili's current father is Renka's second husband―she remarried."

"So Getsuyaku-san is..." Karan trailed off. "―I see."

She conjured to mind the long, thin face with drooping eyebrows. Now
that Yoming had mentioned it, she realized he and Lili were not alike at
all in facial structure or body type. But she never felt anything
strange about seeing them walking hand-in-hand, or coming to buy bread
together. They were a happy family, father and daughter who truly got
along. After Shion had disappeared, she felt a twinge of pain in her
heart at times when she saw Getsuyaku and Lili together. She was both
saddened and envious.

"Then Lili's father..."

"He passed away a few years back."

"A little before you moved in here, ma'am," Lili chimed in. "But you
know, I love my new Daddy too. He's really funny. He always makes me
laugh."

Lili lifted her chin, and a grin spread across her face. It was a bright
smile of relief as she confirmed that Karan could speak properly, feeble
though it was.

"I never knew. Renka never mentioned anything."

"She probably didn't want to," Yoming said. "They're painful memories
for her."

The words had probably slipped without him knowing. Yoming gave a deep
sigh. Lili began to speak.

"One day when we were eating together, Daddy stopped moving. He said, 'I
can't breathe' and fell out of his chair. And I don't know why, but he
stopped moving after that."

Lili's body began to shake, as memories of her younger days began to
come back to her. Karan slid her gaze to Yoming. She questioned him with
her eyes.

What is this about?

"Lili's father―died, before her eyes," Yoming said hesitantly, casting
his eyelashes down. "No," he then said momentarily. "He was murdered."

"Murdered!"

The frightful word overlapped with the image of Shion's retreating back.
Karan found herself clenching her fists so hard that her nails were
digging into her palms.

"Lili's father―his name was Suifu―was a construction worker, and a giant
of a man who was proud of his strength, and rightly too," Yoming said.

"Mommy says he was really kind, strong, and cool. He was really in love
with Mommy, right?"

Yoming smiled wryly.

"I think Renka's prettying it up a bit too much, even for a story to
tell her daughter. Suifu was a big drinker and a loose spender, so they
were always getting into fights. But, well, he was a nice guy, and
worked hard for his family. He was a boisterous one, and liked to sing.
When he'd get drunk, he'd always sing in that booming voice. Yeah," he
nodded. "He was a good guy. He certainly did love his family very much."

"But he was... killed?"

"Indirectly."

"Indirectly..." Karan repeated. "Yoming, will you explain in a way I can
understand?"

Yoming drew up a battered chair, and sat down. With his right hand, he
gently stroked Lili's hair. It was a gesture that showed how much Yoming
cared for and cherished his niece.

"Explain so you understand, huh... if only it was as easy as that. There
are so many things I still don't know, that it's hard to even tell in
proper sequence."

Yoming always spoke in a muddled way, and often ended his sentences
awkwardly. But nevertheless, he groped for the right words, and began to
weave the story in fragments.

"Suifu, back then, was involved in the construction of a certain
building. He was a construction worker."

"A certain building..."

"Yeah. But we still don't know what building it was. I heard even Suifu
didn't have an idea what it was. He used to be taken to the construction
site in a windowless van―he couldn't see anything outside."

"Then to silence him―?"

"No, Karan, that couldn't be it. Suifu took his assigned job seriously,
but he wasn't interested at all in what he was building. He didn't care
which part of the city this building was in, or what it was going to be
used for. Even if he was interested, it wasn't a kind of secret that a
construction worker could sniff out. It was put under skilful
concealment. Right after Suifu died, I did some footwork of my own
trying to find out where this brother-in-law of mine used to work, but
to no avail. Open disclosure doesn't exist in a city like this. If the
authorities wanted it concealed, there would be nothing we citizens
could do against it, anyway. There shouldn't have been any need to go as
far to kill Suifu to hide a secret."

"Then... what did he die of?"

"Outwardly they're saying it was a heart attack. But I can't bring
myself to believe that Suifu could have had one. It's as likely as a
duck drowning in a pond."

"So it must mean there's something else to it."

"Yeah..." Yoming sealed his lips gravely, and cast his gaze around the
room.

"It's alright," Karan reassured. "We're not being tapped."

"Is that so." Yoming paused. "I'm sorry," he said abruptly, "being all
furtive like this. It's shameful."

"No, not at all."

Were they really free from tapping devices? Frankly, Karan wasn't
completely sure. The authorities possessed enormous power. They could do
anything if they wished to. It should be no large feat for them to tap
all citizens' conversations and manage that information.

But even so.

Karan grasped the memo tightly in her hand.

She would accomplish nothing if she kept shrinking back from fear.
Instead of being afraid, sealing my lips, plugging my ears―let me speak,
let me listen. She would say it out loud; she would tilt an ear to
listen. To her it seemed like it was the only option left.

Karan leaned forward determinedly to the man and his roundabout words.

"And this 'something else' that you were talking about?"

Yoming blinked just once. Then, he stared straight into Karan's eyes.

"All of this is speculation. But if I tell you, I might end up loading
you down with a burden."

"I want to hear about it, and this is from my own will."

She tried spurring Yoming on.

"You went and you investigated your own side of the truth. You said you
barely know anything, but knowing you, you've probably at least gotten a
clue. You've grasped something, haven't you? A hint―it might be thinner
than a thread, but something to lead you to the truth?"

"You've expected too much from me," Yoming said heavily. "I didn't have
the power, courage, or method to do any of that... but I can say that
the pay that Suifu received while he was working at that site was quite,
quite high. I heard it was double that of how much he usually gets.
Renka was surprised when she heard Suifu was getting 'special danger
compensation'. It's hard to imagine a construction site with danger risk
in a place like No. 6."

"Special danger compensation..." Karan pondered. "For tearing something
down, or blowing it up..."

"Or handling chemicals."

"Chemicals―you mean poison?"

"Or the equivalent. Something unknown: something even the scientists of
No. 6 wouldn't know the proper method of handling."

"I can't imagine anything that would fit."

"It's hard to. There's just not enough information."

"But Lili's father wasn't the only one working at the site, was he?"
Karan persisted. "Wouldn't we be able to find out more if we asked those
other people too?"

"That's the thing; I can't find any of them."

"You can't find them?"

"Yeah. They're missing―or maybe they didn't exist in the first place. In
other words, there were no other humans involved in the construction
other than Suifu."

"No other humans... oh, then do you mean robots―"

"Yes. Robots. They were using construction robots."

Karan lifted her face, and gazed at the ceiling without really seeing
it. Shion used to operate robots, too. They were cleaning robots for the
park.

"They're really cute, but functionality-wise they've still got some ways
to go. Like just the other day: a lady had her hat blown away by the
wind, and the robot picked it up, which was perfectly fine. But the
robot couldn't control its grip, and ended up squashing the hat. The
lady was furious, can you imagine? So I think humans are still better
with small and delicate tasks. Human fingers are really amazing, you
know."

And he would wiggle his fingers lightly....

Karan screwed her eyes shut to forcefully scatter the memories of her
son from her mind. She spoke in the calmest voice she could muster.

"Lili's father must have been doing a job that robots couldn't do."

"Probably," Yoming conceded. "But Suifu wasn't a technician. He didn't
have any special technical skill. I mean, being the serious guy he is
deep-down, I'm sure he would have done a thorough job with anything that
was given to him, but... I can't imagine what he could have been doing
amongst those robots."

"Fingertips?"

"Huh?"

"The difference between humans and task robots."

Shion's fingertips fluttered in her memories. They were deft fingertips.
They always skilfully performed the delicate work she asked him to do.
Once in a while, she even found herself gazing in admiration at their
dexterity.

You know mom, human fingers are really amazing.

"Robots might be more useful for things like tearing down walls, or
carrying heavy things, but with smaller tasks that require more care...
for example, let's see... using small tiles to make a complicated
pattern on the wall, or engraving letters into a pillar... robots still
can't do that, right? It's the same with bread. If you want to make
bread that tastes the same and looks the same, a machine would be
enough. But celebration cakes, for example―where it's important for them
to look nice, and to match that person's taste―you'd have to make them
by hand if you wanted something good."

"But Suifu couldn't bake bread or cakes like you can. He didn't have the
skill to make patterns with tiles, or engrave lettering. He really
couldn't do anything special... or at least, I don't think so."

"How about carrying things?"

"Carrying things?"

"Yes, important things... like fragile items, or soft things... things
that have to keep their shape, like a hat. Human hands would be more
suited for things like that."

"You're right. That might be it. Maybe Suifu was carrying some
highly-dangerous something-or-other, that couldn't be left to robots.
But... even if that was true, I have no idea what that might be, or how
it could relate to those sudden deaths. No matter how much I rack my
brains, I can never get out of the range of speculation. In the end,
with nothing to work with, we can only keep asking the same questions
that will never have answers. We don't know anything for sure... all we
know is that Suifu was involved in city construction work, and that he
died. That's it. Right, Karan?"

Yoming's tone of voice grew more leaden by the second, and dropped so
low she could barely hear him.

"This city devours people ruthlessly," Yoming growled. "Sometimes I
can't help but think so. It devours people that have fallen out of the
boundaries of the city's values; people whom they've deemed inferior to
their values; people who have objected against their values. They devour
them head-first, ripping them, strewing the bits, until they throw them
away."

"Mm..." Karan answered vaguely.

"So in the end, a place like this, Lost Town, is like a cesspit for the
city: it's a gathering-place for people who have fallen out of the
city's criteria of value, inferior humans. No, they probably
deliberately made it this kind of gathering-place. It's a warehouse of
disposable people."

Karan felt an onset of shivers at Yoming's heavy, low voice, as well as
the words that were coming out of his mouth. She stole a glance at Lili.
Apparently weary of the adults' conversation, the little girl had moved
some paces away to play with the two mice. The brown and grey mice were
in Lili's lap, stuffing their cheeks with morsels of cheese. Whether
human or some other animal, small beings were always adorable. It was
the adult's job to protect these small and fragile bodies and minds,
with whatever it took.

That was what Karan believed. She didn't want to thrust the terror of
reality on Lili, still so young. Yes, one could not be blinded. One must
not be tricked. One had to be able see through the deceit and find real
truth. But this hardened will was something to be born by adults who
were old enough to withstand 'knowing'. Lili was still much too young.

"Lili."

The little girl turned towards Karan's voice with her large, black eyes.

"I don't think the cheese is enough to make those little mousies full. I
think there's a butter roll from yesterday left in a corner of the
display case. Will you give them half each?"

"You can give bread to mousies?"

"Yes. Will you give it to them as a reward? And could I ask you to watch
the store, too? If a customer comes in, I want you to give them a nice
greeting, and say, 'welcome!'. I promise I'll treat you to freshly-baked
butter rolls later."

"Yay! You know, I've always wanted to do a baker's job."

The mice were now perched on Lili's shoulder, evidently having become
close friends with her. They were a pair of smart mice: they could tell
which humans were dangerous, and which ones could be trusted.

"Ma'am, you know what?" Lili stood on her toes and brought her lips to
Karan's ear. "I'm gonna tell you a secret."

"Alright, what is it?"

"Mommy's gonna have a baby. I'm going to be a big sister."

"Oh my, Renka? That's fantastic. When?"

"When it gets warm, and lots of flowers start to bloom."

Yoming gave an exasperated smile.

"Hey, Lili, are you sure it was okay to just reveal Mommy's secret like
that?"

"Ma'am's allowed to know."

"I'm so glad," Karan said warmly. "Thank you for telling me. When the
baby is born, we'll have to celebrate with a giant cake. Alright, Lili,
you'll watch the store for me, right?"

"Yeah. I say 'welcome!' right? 'Welcome!'" With the mice sitting on her
shoulder, Lili left the room and made for the bakery counter. Yoming
gave yet another sigh.

"Right. I guess it's something we wouldn't want Lili to hear."

"Of course. To hear that your own father was treated like an object, and
that he lost his life as a result... even if she were to find out
eventually, right now is too early."

Yoming slowly lifted his gaze from the exit into which Lili had
disappeared, and rested it back on Karan.

"Treated like an object―yes, Suifu was given the same treatment as the
robots. He wouldn't have been told how risky that job was. They must
have glossed it over with something vague, and dangled high wages under
his nose. Suifu wanted money. It was still only a short time after he'd
been fired from his former workplace for getting into a disagreement
with a colleague. If it was to support his family, he would have been
prepared to risk a few things to get a job. The authorities researched
all of that, of course, and chose Suifu for that reason. After all,
they've got complete access to citizen information. It was probably a
piece of cake for them to pick a suitable candidate. They needed someone
to handle a job with unknown dangers; someone who was used to heavy
lifting; someone who was responsible, and worked silently and
efficiently. A man without curiosity, inquisitiveness, or a sense of
suspicion. Someone who wouldn't mind risking danger for money―Suifu was
probably the perfect choice."

"So that's why his job and his sudden death must be related somehow.
You're sure of that."

"Yeah. I don't know how in the world they could be related, but I
certainly believe they're connected to each other. Ask me why I think
so, and I'd say―"

"You'd say?"

"The ambulance. Suifu collapsed, and Renka, naturally, called the
ambulance. But she told me it came unusually quickly. She said it wasn't
even three minutes after she'd phoned them."

An ambulance arriving within three minutes―this was an extremely rare
occurrence in Lost Town; no, one could even say it was nonexistent.

The Holy City of No. 6 was an urban society built upon a rigid
hierarchy. With the mayor and his city policies at the apex, only a
handful of "chosen ones" reigned. They were named "elites", and lived in
the luxury residences of Chronos in a special district, blessed with an
undisturbed, excessive, and exceedingly comfortable life. The regular
citizens below them, although far from having a life like one in
Chronos, lived their daily lives supported by highly-developed medical
and scientific technologies, in happiness―or in what they were made to
think of as happiness. People like Karan who lived in Lost Town, even
farther from "elite", were not insured of any of the city's services and
aid that were normally available to regular citizens. They were treated
like sub-citizens. To borrow Yoming's words, Lost Town was like a
warehouse for disposable humans.

Emergency medical care was almost unattainable in Lost Town. Karan
remembered hearing that the number of ambulances and medical clinics
were less than a tenth of Chronos. This was regardless of the fact that
Lost Town had many more injured and ill patients than Chronos.

An ambulance had arrived in less than three minutes. What was the
meaning behind this almost miraculous occurrence?

"Do you mean that Lili's father was being placed under surveillance, so
that they could deal with it quickly if anything out-of-the-ordinary
happened?"

"It was probably Level 3 surveillance. Suifu started convulsing at the
dinner table, but by the time the ambulance arrived, he was already not
moving. I don't know whether he was still alive at this point, or if he
was already a corpse, because people from the Health and Hygiene Bureau
carried him off. Renka tried to accompany him in the ambulance, but she
was refused. They ordered her to stay at home."

"And after that, Lili's father..."

"Two hours later, he came back as a cold body. A doctor that was sent
over by the Health and Hygiene Bureau explained that it was a heart
attack, but of course we could never believe that. I was at the scene
too, because I'd rushed over after getting Renka's call. I begged him to
explain in more detail, but it didn't do any good. The only thing that
happened was Suifu's ID card getting exchanged for a Confirmation of
Death card to permit his funeral."

"I see... so that was what happened."

She knew she was giving a rather unthoughtful answer. But she had no
idea what kind of answer she could have given to Yoming's words―what
answer she ought to have given. It wasn't something she could just let
in one ear and out the other. But of course, easy words of consolation
and condolence were equally as inappropriate. Then what would she say,
and how? She couldn't help but hesitate. Her hesitation turned to
unease, and faintly took on a tinge of fear. Yoming's words further
coloured this fear deeply.

"When the doctor was leaving, what do you think he said to Renka? 'This
patient passed away almost without any pain at all,' he said. And true,
Suifu's dead face was peaceful. He was smiling like he was having some
nice dream. But Renka and Lili saw how his face was twisted in pain
before he collapsed. How could they ever believe that he'd died a
peaceful death?"

"So you're saying the Lili's father's dead face was made to look
peaceful by some special method..." Karan swallowed hard. Her own
parents included, all of the bodies that Karan had ever seen were always
smiling peacefully. Their faces were graced with smiles that made them
look like they had never experienced a single pain or hardship while
they were alive. Every dead face was beautiful. That was how she thought
they were supposed to be―that in No. 6, where palliative care was highly
developed, everyone was promised a calm and painless death.

It was a lie. It was all artificial. Here, even human deaths were
covered up and modified. All the circumstances and truths that clung to
each and every human death were scrubbed clean like tanned hide,
levelled, fixed up, and tucked away as a "peaceful death".

We're living in a world that is more disturbing than I could ever
fathom. And what if this disturbing nature was far beyond what my pallid
imagination could visualize...?

"Whatever the case, Suifu's death is still shrouded in mystery. Renka's
remarried and managing to get on with her life. I'm―as you can probably
see―living day-to-day as an information-broker. I've been so caught up
with other tasks that a lot of times, I forget about Suifu. And I say
damnit to myself every time. Those are my days: gnashing my teeth,
reminding myself that I can't let myself forget about Suifu, and of
course my wife and son."

"There would be no way you would forget it," Karan reassured him, "if
Lili's father and your wife and son have been murdered by this city. You
wouldn't be able to, would you?"

"No. And that's the only thing I can do now: remember. Keep remembering.
I'll never forget all the people that were taken from me. But sometimes
I get a nasty chill when I think―what if the authorities catch me? And I
wonder, if they ever erased my memory..."

Yoming peered closely at Karan's face. Her eyes were shadowed. It looked
as if despair had been poured into her eyes, and her gaze was swimming
in it.

"What do you mean, erase your memory?" she asked.

"Lobotomy. Cutting into my brain with a scalpel, and taking my memories
and thinking ability from me."

"Yoming, you're―" You're letting your thoughts run away with you. You're
being delusional.

She couldn't say the rest of her words. Lobotomy―maybe it was possible.
After Shion disappeared, the Holy City shed mask after mask of artifice,
right before her eyes. Although she had only seen a small portion, what
Karan saw of No. 6 was not a Holy City; it was a remorseless
authoritarian city-state.

This city is trying to dominate people.

They wanted to dominate without exception the minds, the bodies, of
everyone who lived in the city. They wanted to put their thoughts,
lives, and fates under relentless scrutiny, and dominate them.

Yes, it was like Yoming said. No. 6 devoured people. They tore through
any attempt to remain human, any soul, or will to resist, any wish, and
wolfed it all down. It was no Holy City. It was a rearing monster, gone
mad with desire for domination.

Had no one realized? Was everyone too fooled by their appearance of a
satisfactory and comfortable lifestyle to even notice the monstrous
figure? What stupidity...

Karan shook her head vigorously. These were not simply someone else's
problems. They were most certainly not.

"Karan, are you starting to feel ill again?" Yoming said with concern.
"You just fainted after all―you should rest a little. I'm sorry for
bringing up something like this."

Yoming looked sincerely apologetic. Karan shook her head firmly again.

"No, that's not it. I was just―remembering something."

"Hm? What?"

"Lili's asked me that before. Whether we're really happy or not."

Lili had once asked her.

"We're happy, right?"

It was quite a while back. It was after Karan had gone through the
struggle to open her bakery, and it was finally starting to operate
smoothly. Karan had murmured, hmm, well, I guess, and cocked her head to
the side. She had been able to make baking, which she liked, into her
life's work. It wasn't much to live on, but at least she had an idea now
of how she and her son could make a living. Even after being revoked of
all their special privileges and being exiled from Chronos, they had
been able to acquire a stable life. It was during that time. Back then
she had no way of knowing that in a few years, a cruel separation from
Shion would be waiting for her. So in truth, if she was asked are you
happy, she could very well have nodded and said, why yes, I guess I am.
Karan had indeed not thought of herself as unhappy at that time.

Karan's fall from Chronos to Lost Town didn't cause her much grief or
suffering. On the contrary, she was enjoying the lightness of her load,
having cast off her life insured of all amenities like food, clothing,
and shelter. Despite having to deal with treatment as a sub-citizen, she
was still within the walls of No. 6 as a resident of Lost Town. As long
as she didn't desire anything extravagant, she had nothing lacking in
her life. Clean water and food were easily accessible. Although
understaffed, there were medical clinics for Lost Town residents where
she could go to get examined. She had an abode that could withstand wind
and rain. She was free from any fears of malnutrition, starvation,
hypothermia, or genocide. Shion was by her side, and she had customers
who came to her bakery to buy her bread.

She was not unhappy at all.

She had not been able to agree promptly to Lili's question of whether
they were happy, not because of her own situation or state-of-mind, but
because of a shadow that had flitted across Lili's eyes. Perhaps it was
uncertainty. Perhaps Lili was uncertain, her emotions so unsettled, that
she had clung to the bakery madam, whom she loved and trusted.

"It's hard to say whether we're happy or not, in one word. There's a lot
of times where we're happy and we're not, when we're joyful or sad. Lots
of different feelings."

"Right?" Lili squeezed her fingers. "We have lots of different feelings,
right?"

"Right. You feel like that too, don't you Lili? Even during a single
day, sometimes you feel happy, and sometimes unhappy, right?"

"Yeah, I do. When I'm really hungry, and I get to eat your muffins,
ma'am, I feel happy. But when Mommy gets mad at me or when I get into a
fight with my friend and we can't say sorry and make up, I feel sad.
But..."

"Hm?"

"But at school, the teacher says that everyone who lives in No. 6 is
happy. He says there's no one in No. 6 that's unhappy."

"You learned this in class?"

"Yeah. When the principal was saying his speech. He said outside of No.
6, the world is really tough and unhappy. And people die there every
day. They die because they don't have enough to eat, or because they
fight and hurt each other. He said people are like beasts, and they live
like beasts too. And compared to those people, No. 6 is heaven, and
everyone's happy."

By beast-like people, he probably meant the residents of the West Block.
It was such a scornful way to talk about people. To think that someone
involved in the education of children would call another human a
beast....

Karan knitted her brow. She crouched down, and looked Lili in the eye.

"But you didn't think so, Lili?"

"Hmm," Lili thought aloud. "I just felt kinda weird. Like this wiggly
feeling in my stomach. Because―because you know... Mommy sometimes makes
a sad face because she's tired from work, or because we don't have
money. And Grandpa Saiton next door always looks painful because his
back hurts. So when he said everyone's happy, it just felt weird..."

"And you didn't tell the principal this?"

Lili widened her eyes, shook her head vehemently.

"If I said that, the principal would be really angry at me. Sometimes
you get called to the office and they hit you with a whip."

"My goodness, with a whip! That's terrible..."

"If you live in No. 6 and you don't think you're happy, it means you're
a bad kid. So they say, of course we should get whipped."

"Certainly not!" Karan found herself saying shrilly. She placed a hand
on Lili's shoulder. "Lili, that's certainly not true. Not true at all."

"Ma'am..."

Her heart grew restless. She could hear its fitful rustlings. She knew
she had to tell this young girl in front of her something important, but
she could not put it well into words. She felt frustrated at herself.

"Lili, you're still a child, and..." She stopped. "No, even adults are
allowed to have all sorts of different thoughts. It's just not right if
everyone thinks and feels exactly the same, right? And―and―"

There are unhappy people in No. 6, too. Probably a lot more than I
think.

It was something Karan knew first-hand. She had transferred from
Chronos, a place of chosen citizens, to Lost Town, a residence for
sub-citizens. She didn't think of that as any tragic fate, but she had
definitely seen with her eyes and experienced with her body the apex, as
well as the bottom, of the city-state of No. 6.

Indeed, there were unhappy people not only in Lost Town, but even in
Chronos―a place that was known far and wide as the ideal neighbourhood.
Yes, there were unhappy people, and many of them. But no one in that
area ever said 'I'm unhappy' out loud. Chronos had not a single person
who lamented difficulties with their household income, or those who
complained of physical ailments like Saiton. All residents were promised
a high and stable income, and they were in a position that granted them
access to the latest, most developed medical treatments at any hour of
the day. But yet there were still unhappy people.

"Whatever shall I do tomorrow?" she had heard someone mutter once.

She was an elderly lady who lived next door. However, "next-door" in
terms of Chronos was quite a distance because of the spacious yards
attached to each house. Periodically, gardeners from the city would come
to maintain the gardens (and also check up on and maintain the security
systems in the yard, which Karan didn't find out until much later), so
unlike Lost Town, where only a single wall separated one household from
the other, Karan wasn't accustomed to seeing her neighbours in person or
having conversations with them.

But Karan was on unusually good terms with this woman of over seventy,
and once in a while she would be invited over for tea. The woman's
husband, daughter, and grandchildren were all acknowledged as the
highest elites like Shion, and she was provided for and insured with
extremely favourable circumstances even compared to other residents of
Chronos. But despite that, she was neither arrogant nor condescending,
and often looked out for and lent a helping hand to Karan, who was
raising her son all by herself.

On that day, it was the same. On a sunny and temperate afternoon one day
in late autumn, the woman had invited Karan over for tea.

Smelling the fragrant aroma of black tea poured from the teapot, Karan
had been about to give an appreciative mmm when the woman had mumbled
those words. Her voice was dry and brittle, like the foliage that danced
on the streets. It was dry, but heavy and gloomy.

"Whatever shall I do tomorrow?"

Karan slowly raised her gaze from the rose-patterned teacup, and stared
at the elegant, composed profile of the woman who had just spoken. The
words had reached Karan's ears, no problem. But the tone of her voice
clashed so much with the beautiful scenery, the lavish mansion, and the
fragrant tea, that she couldn't help but ask her to repeat.

"What was that?"

The elderly woman slowly let her gaze wander. Behind her ruby-studded
spectacles (almost solely a fashion item), her two eyes, set in the
wrinkles of her skin, blinked.

"I... have no idea what I would like to do tomorrow."

"Do you mean you've got nothing to do?"

"I don't know... what I want to do, Karan-san." Tears welled up in the
rims of her eyes.

"You don't know...?"

"There's nothing. It's just empty. And it makes me so afraid. I
especially despise mornings. They're utterly horrible. When I think that
it's the start of another empty day, I feel so terrified, so..."

Karan, who had still been young, was perturbed by the elderly woman's
tearful face and her mumbled words. As if to prove that she wasn't
acting, the woman's shawl-clad shoulders were trembling.

"Ah―but―" Karan stammered. "As long as you're willing, I should think
you'd be able to do anything you like. So many things..."

"Do you think so? I just have a feeling that it's going to be one empty
day after another until I die.... When I think about how I'll die
without having been able to do anything, I feel more fearful than
painful."

Karan rose out of her seat, and shook her head almost automatically.

"That's not true. Because, look―the decor of this room, or the way you
arrange tea―it's all so nice, and you're so good at it."

The elderly woman responded to Karan's awkward compliments with a serene
smile.

"You're a kind soul, Karan-san. But... well, someday I suppose you'll
have a taste of the same fear I feel."

The pair of eyes behind the spectacles were not laughing at all. They
were like dark caverns. Karan remembered shivering. She had felt a chill
in this room, filled with extravagant furniture and maintained at
comfortable temperature levels all year long. The elderly woman's gaze
had been so vacant, so morose, that it had made her shudder. The woman
had plentiful time and wealth. Was she not in a position where all her
wishes could come true? Yet here she was, lamenting: how over-privileged
of her, how greedy... Karan tried to mutter those words in her mind. But
both her heart and body shrank back from the morose and vacant look
before her. A despair enough to petrify someone was living behind those
spectacles, emitting a dull light. Karan drained her tea, and left
hastily. She remembered clearly how the dishes had clinked as she
replaced her cup on its saucer with trembling fingers.

Then not long after, on the edge of the changing seasons, the elderly
woman suddenly passed away. In her coffin and surrounded by the white
lilies which she always said she loved, the elderly woman with her eyes
closed had the same glowing skin as when she was living, and her face
was graced with a gentle smile. Karan felt like if she called her name,
the woman would answer.

"I've lived a very happy life. I'm thankful for everything about No. 6."

Those were her last words, according to the woman's daughter, who worked
at the Central Administration Bureau.

I've lived a very happy life. I'm thankful for everything about No. 6.

"Your mother said this? Really?"

"Of course. Why wouldn't she? My mother lived a life lacking in nothing.
Wouldn't anyone think the same?"

"Well... I was just wondering if you yourself were just under the
impression that..."

"I?"

"Yes," Karan had said. "Have you ever thought that your mother may have
been unhappy?"

The daughter furrowed her brow, and a clear look of distaste swam in her
eyes. She gazed at Karan as if she were looking at a hideous beast, and
took half a step backwards.

"It's simply impossible that my mother could have been unhappy," she
snapped. "She has never spent a single day in that kind of state.
Wouldn't you know from common sense? I do hope you refrain from any more
rude comments."

She turned her back to Karan. Throughout the funeral, she kept her
distance. That was when Karan was certain that the elderly woman had
been unhappy. She had been struggling with her unhappiness that came
from being required to be happy―a life in which she was not allowed to
be sad.

Maybe...

Her heartbeat grew more frantic. In her mind rose the woman's face,
doll-like, surrounded by white lilies.

Maybe... she killed herself―?

She could not say it out loud. It was simply impossible for a resident
of Chronos to take her own life. It was unthinkable. They had been told
it was unthinkable.

Yet... but... if unhappiness existed despite the fact that it wasn't
supposed to, then couldn't there also be people who took their lives, on
the brink of despair with no other choice?

Karan tightly clutched her mourning gloves as the coffin was carried out
and whisked away to the cemetary.

I should have told Lili about the elderly lady. Unhappiness was bound to
exist anywhere, whether it be Chronos or Lost Town. Karan felt like she
should have thought it out together with Lili―about why people were
unhappy; about how they could be happy again; what it was that they
could call real happiness. She should have talked it out with the little
girl―about her principal who forced happiness upon them; about the
elderly woman and her morose gaze; the pain of being whipped like
cattle. She should have reflected more intently on her own disquieted
soul, and the little girl's agitation. But Karan had not said anything,
and had done nothing.

"There are unhappy people everywhere. Just because he's the principal, I
don't think he has the right to say everyone has to be happy," she had
said, taking the most neutral way out. Just then, she had heard the
flour merchant calling from the back door with his rye and wheat flour.
Customers were trickling into the store.

"Thanks, ma'am. See you later."

And Lili had left. Karan pretended to be immersed in her work, and
pushed Lili, memories of her fear at the funeral, her thoughts of
happiness and unhappiness, clean out of her mind. She had not stopped to
think. She had even forgotten. Yoming had set his jaw and committed
everything to memory. But she had forgotten. She had never tried to
remember.

She herself was the fool, and no one else.

If I had been more wise, if I'd stopped to think a little harder, maybe
Shion wouldn't have had to go through what he did.

It was not only Shion. Perhaps she had burdened Safu as well, with an
unfair and cruel fate. Karan chewed her lip hard.

Shion, Safu, be alive. Please, live on. Live to come home, and let me
apologize for my foolishness. Let me embrace you with these arms. Let me
beg for your forgiveness.

She pressed the scrap of paper to her bosom, and prayed.

\includegraphics{Images/memo7.png}\\

Nezumi, I pray to you. Please, let me see their faces again. Just one
more time.

She heard Lili's tinkling laughter. It was lighthearted and carefree,
and punctuated with soft chirrups from the little mice.

Reunion will come.

She murmured the words on the memo. She tried to hold back the tears
that were threatening to spill from her eyes. Crying wasn't going to
solve anything.

Right now, I can only send my prayers to you, whom I've yet to see.

Reunion will come.

\hypertarget{index_split_001_split_002.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_29}{}

\protect\hypertarget{index_split_029.html}{}{}

\hypertarget{index_split_029.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_0}{}

\hypertarget{index_split_029.htmlux5cux23calibre_toc_3}{%
\subsection{CHAPTER 2}\label{index_split_029.htmlux5cux23calibre_toc_3}}

\subsubsection{Those in the Abyss}

\emph{I was in it up to my neck by the time I realized the way things
were going. What could I do? . . . if I refused to obey I would be
killed. Or I could commit suicide. On three different occasions I
thought of resigning, but it was impossible.}

\emph{\\
}

\emph{-Wilhelm Keitel, The Nuremburg Interviews}

The darkness was stabbing at him. Into his retina, his eardrums, his
skin, the darkness turned into needles that pricked at him viciously.

Shion sucked in a deep breath and filled his chest with air―no,
darkness. By doing so, he repressed his pain and trembling. He didn't
want to cower. He didn't want to let out a cry of fear. And he didn't
want Nezumi, who was beside him, to hear it.

Damnit if he ever hears me scream.

He didn't want to expose his unsightly self to Nezumi's eyes. Shion
gulped in another breath, fully conscious of the pride within him which,
even in these circumstances, nagged persistently at him.

Hn.

Nezumi sniffed derisively inches from his ear. At the same time, the arm
around Shion's waist grew tighter, pressing around his torso.

So much for trying to act tough, he thought he heard Nezumi whisper. But
what actually reached his ears was:

"We're gonna fall."

It was a flat voice, stripped of all emotion. The emotionless voice
became a frigid wind that wrapped around Shion's body. With his sense of
pain, his fear, and his pride whipped away, for an instant, Shion was
empty. Like a cicada shedding its skin, he became a hollow cavern that
left only its outward appearance intact. He sometimes had this sensation
when listening to Nezumi's voice. He didn't mind it much. In fact, it
even felt refreshing. Exhilarating, even, to become empty.

When Shion tried to suck in his third breath, the floor disappeared from
beneath his feet. With a heavy thunk it had split in two. It was like a
gallows. It almost felt strange that he wasn't feeling the rope digging
into his neck; hearing the sound of his cervical vertebrae cracking;
feeling his body swinging limply in the air.

They were falling. Falling, straight down―at least they were supposed to
be, but he couldn't grasp what was happening. He wasn't sure whether
they were falling, floating, or rising. He couldn't distinguish between
descent, suspension, or ascension. His senses were swallowed up by the
darkness that surrounded him on all sides.

An impact hit him. He felt his whole body slam into something hard. His
breath died on his lips. Whatever he had fallen on was slightly elastic,
absorbing and mediating the force enough to avoid spraining his muscles
or shattering his bones.

What did I land on―?

He had no time to check. He was yanked forcefully.

"Roll."

He was half-shoved into a roll by Nezumi. He turned over and over,
thinking of nothing, feeling no fear. His shoulder hit something hard,
and he felt a pain followed by tingling. He had evidently hit a wall. As
he placed his palm on the floor to push himself up, he felt a
tremor―like vibrations, like strange rumbling.

"Stand up. Push yourself up against the wall."

Shion stood up, and huddled close to the wall, which was rough on the
surface―probably concrete. His thoughts, willpower, and senses were
half-numb. He could only barely manage to follow Nezumi's directions and
move as he was told. Nezumi's body overlapped his. It was hotter than
usual. But the heartbeat Shion felt against his back was not even
slightly out of rhythm. Crushed with such force, Shion couldn't help but
cry out.

"I can't breathe."

But his voice, which came out as a gasp, instantly dissolved in the
tremendous noise from behind them. He couldn't even tell if he had heard
his own voice.

"Nezumi."

He squirmed slightly.

"This―"

Never in his entire life had he heard sounds like this, voices like
these.

What is it? What are they?

Groaning? Rumbling? Screaming?

A booming, thick and heavy sound roared at Shion and pressed in on him
from all directions; it welled up from below, it came raining down from
up top; it twisted and tangled with itself. A piercing shriek rang out.
Then it rasped, cut off, and an eerie silence replaced it. But only for
an instant. And again, it welled up, it rained down...

These were not sounds of a human world. They were not mere noises.

"Nezumi!"

Unable to bear it anymore, Shion wrenched his body around. The force
pressing against him relaxed. The heat of Nezumi's body drew away. Shion
was grabbed by his hair, and turned around. His back was pressed against
the wall this time, and his hair yanked roughly.

His chin jerked up. Nezumi brought his lips to Shion's exposed ear, and
whispered as if to cram the words into it.

"Look if you want to. Listen if you wish. But―"

Nezumi's fingers released his hair, and slid down his neck. They traced
the red band of his scar.

"But you'll be haunted with nightmares for your whole life. Be prepared
for it."

Heh. His short laugh, almost a mere breath, seeped into Shion's body. It
was a cold laugh. It may have been condescending. Nezumi freely
controlled the various ways in which he laughed. Normally, this would
have sparked Shion to anger. He would have reproached Nezumi, telling
him not to laugh like that.

None other than Nezumi had taught him: condemn from your heart those who
scorn, look down upon, and belittle themselves. He had taught him not
only to be angry, but to hone all of the emotions he possessed, whether
it was to cry, laugh, fear, reject, yearn, or love.

Don't let them go numb. Don't let them wither. Bare your fangs at all
that threatens to desecrate your humanness.

Shion had definitely been taught. But right now, he was too overwhelmed
to be angry. His emotions were falling, sifting right through him.

"Nezumi... what is this?"

"Reality." There was no hint of laughter left in his voice. "If you're
gonna look, see it through 'til the end. If you're gonna listen, don't
ever think of plugging your ears."

See this through... all of this?

Shion opened his mouth, and gasped for air.

Before his eyes was darkness. The bottom of this darkness was crawling
with people. To him, it looked like they were crawling. The darkness had
shades both dark and light, and his eyes, beginning to adjust, caught
the darkest shades. It was a lump of overlapped people. The people who
had been packed into the elevator had been smashed onto the floor, and
were now squirming, crawling.

There was a blood-curdling scream. A shadow came dropping down. Someone
who had been clinging onto some part of the elevator had finally spent
his strength. Shion couldn't tell whether it was a man or woman. Like
the roar of a beast, the scream echoed into the painted black darkness.

Thud.

The sound of flesh hitting flesh. Its vibrations shook not his eardrums,
but his entire body, making his skin bristle.

Shion tried to remember. He tried to remember each and every one who had
been shut in with the elevator with him.

There was a man. There was a woman. There was an elderly lady with
mussed grey hair. There was a young girl with tanned skin. There was a
wiry merchant with sunken eyes. There was a deathly pale man, a
surviving member of the Disposers.

Wasn't there a mother holding her infant? Wasn't there a baby in that
mother's arms? There was. There certainly was.

Wrapped in a dirty white cloth, the infant was wriggling at his mother's
breast... somewhere, in this mass of people―a stench came flowing into
his nostrils. It was like all of his senses, numb and dormant until now,
had opened themselves out to the outside world all at once.

He began sweating profusely. His teeth refused to come together, and
they chattered incessantly. The stench of blood, fecal matter, body
odour, assaulted his nostrils many times more viciously than inside the
cargo container. He heard people being crushed. People were being
crushed under the weight of others. Although it was a sound he was
hearing for the first time, he could tell it was the sound of human
destruction.

"This is hell," he heard himself utter weakly.

"This is reality," a mutter answered back. "This isn't any hell. This is
the reality of the world you've been living in, Shion."

A wave of nausea washed over him. Leaning heavily on the wall, Shion
covered his mouth with his hand. His stomach fluids spilled through his
clenched teeth. The sweat stung in his eyes. Behind his closed eyelids,
memories of his days in No. 6 floated and flashed by.

The roses of myriad colours that bloomed in the residences of Chronos;
the evening sky; the powder-blue walls of his classroom; Safu waving her
hand; early morning in Lost Town; the fragrance of bread that filled the
house; Karan with her back to him; a little girl's footsteps―'Good
morning, brother' 'Good morning, Lili'; Sampo's clunky round body; the
ladies' hat that Ippo had squashed by mistake―it had been decorated with
a pink flower pin―'Oh no, Ippo, that's not good―' Yamase yelling; the
aroma of coffee at the café that he had stopped in with Safu; the tree
branches rustling and swishing in the breeze―oh, the green―it was so
vivid.

I want to go home.

He longed for it achingly.

I want to go back to No. 6.

He wanted to go back to the world within the walls. He wanted to return
to his peaceful, fulfilled, quiet world. Even if it was a land ornate in
falseness, he wanted to bury himself in beautiful artifice.

He gritted his teeth. He swallowed the stomach fluids inside his mouth.
Shion slowly raised his heavy head. His face was drenched with
perspiration.

"Nezumi..." He mustered as much strength as he could into his legs, and
managed somewhat to keep himself upright. If he fell to his knees now,
he would never be able to get up. He would have to dig his heels in and
remain standing, even if he had to gasp for air. Nezumi would not extend
a hand to him. He would not support him. If Shion was going to curl up
here, if he was going to go mad, if he lost his ability to stand on his
own feet―there was nothing left for him ahead.

"What should I do next?" Shion managed to speak, albeit in a raspy
voice. He felt the presence in front of him give a short intake of
breath.

"Can you move?"

"I will."

If he didn't, he would die. And he could not. He had not come here to
die. I'm here to save her, to live. Don't forget that. I'm going to
survive this reality. A crack ran through the cross-section of No. 6
that was drifting in the back of his eyelids. It tore apart into shreds.
It shattered and disappeared, along with his desire to flee and return.

Shion extended his hand, fully prepared to have it shaken off. His
fingertips felt a firm arm. He clenched his hand around it.

Nezumi.

I'm not doing this to cling to your help. He wanted it to get across.

I'm alright. I can move. I won't squat and curl up here.

His clenched fingers were not shaken off. The cold and brittle arm only
twisted slightly. An answer came to his unspoken thoughts.

"I got it."

Almost at the same time, an orange light blinked behind Nezumi. Shion
widened his eyes. His heart trembled at the tiny, marble-sized light. He
felt like crying. His arm stretched forward, and his fingers clutched at
thin air.

"We're gonna run, following those lights. They'll stay on for a minute
and a half."

Miniature light bulbs were attached to the wall at equal intervals. They
were tiny, tiny lights, barely enough to water down the darkness that
lay thick upon them. But it was still light. There was still something
here that was not darkness.

"Let's go."

Nezumi turned his back to him, and broke into a run. Shion also stepped
out to run after him, but his foot slipped on something slimy. There was
a pool of blood at his feet.

"Fucking hell," he snarled without thinking. Something that wasn't quite
fear or shock was roaring in his chest, filling it up and pressing
against it; and at the bottom of it, a spark was lit. Wrath. The flames
of wrath circled its licking flames in a spiral, and came racing
upwards.

This is reality. Reality. Reality.

"Goddamnit."

I'll never forgive it. I'll never forgive this reality.

He moved forward. He moved forward, as if kicking the puddle of blood
out of the way. He desperately ran after the figure that was threatening
to melt into the darkness.

I'll survive. I'll live to destroy this reality.

Shion's anger became heat that coursed through his body. He was filled
with energy right down to his toes. Nezumi turned around. It was too
dark to see the expression on his face. He swung back around, and
slackened his pace a little. Even in times like these, his movements
were still graceful.

The light bulbs flickered. Before them was a narrow walkway, wide enough
for one person to squeeze through. The walls were bare concrete.

"Move along the wall."

"Nezumi, where does this lead?"

"The execution grounds."

"Huh?"

"Whatever's behind you and in front of you, you might as well call them
execution grounds. The question is just how early or late the sentence
is gonna be delivered."

A motor was humming behind them. It was an outdated model that rattled
and screeched.

"Nezumi, wait. The elevator's moving again."

"Don't stop," Nezumi clicked his tongue irritably. "Keep moving forward.
Don't stop walking."

"But the elevator―"

Shion's lips trembled. A cold bead of sweat rolled down his spine.
Nezumi opened his mouth.

"But of course," he said stonily. "They're planning to cram all the
people they've hunted in this underground chamber."

"There's gonna be more people falling?"

"They don't fall, they get dropped. Same mechanics as a gallows. The
floor opens up. They fall to the bottom of the abyss. If they're lucky,
they'll break their neck and leave this world painlessly for good."

"We have to tell them about this passageway."

"Who?"

"Everyone. There are still people that can move. We have to tell those
people to escape here."

"And then what's gonna happen? Imagine."

"Huh...?"

"Yeah, there are people that can still move. Quite a few. But what'll
happen if they all trample over each other to rush into here?"

"Well..."

A desperate mob would come swarming in. Each would jostle and shove,
vying to get into a passageway that was barely wide enough for one.

What would happen?

One would fall, and others would fall on top of him. The passage would
fill with more screams and groans.

"Now do you see?" Nezumi said. "Look behind you."

With a hand still on the wall, Shion turned around. Several shadows were
coming this way, dragging themselves across the ground.

"Only the people who've noticed this passage and are able to break away
get saved. Then they get to move to the next stage."

"Then this light―is that what it's―?"

Before he could finish his sentence, the light bulbs were extinguished.
They were again plunged into inky darkness. Then, there was a sound. The
air vibrated. The darkness trembled.

How many people were crammed into that elevator? Ten, fifteen, twenty...
more? But gee, you could probably only see a transport elevator like
that in a museum nowadays... judging by the annoying noises, the
conveyor belt is probably worn pretty thin... wait, I have a feeling
there might have been an elevator like that in Lost Town. Where was it
again? It made annoying noises...

He was slapped across the cheek. The pain stung in the inside of his
mouth. The empty rattling of his thoughts and perceptions returned to
their normal state. But it also meant that his conscience was being
pulled back into a hellish reality.

"Shion."

"Uh... yeah?"

"There won't be a next time."

Next time, I'm leaving you behind. I'm not a saint who'll drag you along
if you space out. You said you could move. Then use your own legs to
escape.

Shion wiped the sweat dripping from his chin with the back of his hand.

"Follow me. Don't get separated."

Nezumi turned his back to him again. It was so dark, and yet Shion could
see the outline of his figure clearly.

I won't leave you.

He pressed a hand to his cheek, now hot and stinging.

I'll never leave you. I'll sink my teeth in, and latch on no matter
where you go.

He would never lose sight of that back turned to him. He would crawl
across the ground to follow him if he had to. That was the only thing in
his mind. He had no room to think about No. 6, his mother, Safu, or the
parasite wasps. He slapped his own cheek this time. He finally knew
first-hand that pain could be a sign of being alive. His throbbing cheek
was telling him, you can live, you can still walk.

Apparently the lights only reached a short distance in from the entrance
of the passage. It was relatively straight, and uniform in width. Just
this motion of continuous walking seemed to be awakening his thought
processes.

This passage―it's man-made.

The thought occurred to him, and Shion smiled a little. He would never
have believed he could smile, but he felt the corners of his mouth
tugging up. It was a bitter smile, aimed at himself.

Of course it was man-made, he was smiling at himself. This was the
Correctional Facility. It was a building into which No. 6 imprisoned the
people it deemed as criminals. Naturally, every path, every wall was
man-made. The scene that Shion had witnessed in the darkness just now
was the same. It wasn't hellish wreckage generated by some natural
disaster. Was it not a reality that had been created by human will?
Everything here was made by the human hand.

This is the reality of the world you live in.

He repeated Nezumi's words in a corner of his mind.

This is the reality of the world I live in. Then who made it happen, and
for what purpose?

He tried to visualize the mayor's face. He used to see photographs of
his gently-smiling face everywhere on the streets. He remembered seeing
him on television. "I don't like his ears. They're so vulgar." That was
what his mother Karan had spat, but no one ever criticized the mayor of
No. 6. He had close to one-hundred percent support from the citizens.

Him―is it him? No, but... is it possible for such a catastrophe to occur
under one person's command? None of the No. 6 residents knew of this
gruesome reality. Why don't they know? Why... his thoughts creaked
haltingly like the outdated elevator. They caused an unpleasant racket.
But he still had to keep thinking.

Why didn't any of them know?

"Because they don't try to find out," Nezumi said, with his back still
turned to him. His feet stopped, and he twisted the top half of his body
to face Shion. Shion didn't know whether his eyes were getting used to
it, or if Nezumi himself was deflecting the darkness, but he could see
the expression on his face clearly.

"Nezumi, how did you know what I was thinking?"

He was genuinely surprised. He was so startled, he had almost lost his
train of thought for a moment. Nezumi shrugged.

"I told you before, didn't I? You're easy to understand... well, parts
of you are. Everything else about you just baffles me."

Nezumi's tone of voice changed. It took on a hint of softness and rang
out clearly. It was a beautiful voice. Shion couldn't express what
exactly it was, or how it was so beautiful. He couldn't put it into
words, but he could feel the comfort slowly seep into him. It was like
the comfort of lying in soft grass. He even thought he caught a glimpse
of clear blue sky.

"You tired?"

"No, I can still walk."

"Hungry?"

"Huh?"

"I'm asking you if you're hungry."

"Oh, uh―no."

He tried to remember the last decent meal he had. He couldn't. But he
was not hungry. He didn't feel any desire at all to put anything into
his mouth. Considering what he had just slogged through, he wasn't so
tough that he could still feel hunger.

"I'm not hungry at all."

"But you're running low on energy, aren't you?"

"No―"

An arm reached out to him. Nezumi's fingertips lightly touched Shion's
chest in a soft and languid gesture. But Shion felt his body tipping
over.

Huh?

He staggered, and fell down on his bottom. He had no strength in his
knees.

"See?" Nezumi said. "You can barely stand. At least make sure you can
assess the state you're in."

Shion was grabbed by the arm and pulled upright. A pain racked his
chest. His heart was palpitating; he couldn't breathe. He broke into a
sweat again.

"It's a considerable amount of trauma. Careful your heart doesn't decide
to quit. I don't think there are any doctors who are attentive enough to
come all the way here to examine you."

"Throw physic to the dogs, I'll none of it."

"What was that?"

"Canst thou not minister to mind diseas'd;

Pluck from memory a rooted sorrow;

Raze out the written troubles of the brain;

And with some sweet oblivious antidote

Cleanse the stuff'd bosom of that perilous stuff

Which weighs upon the heart?" {[}2{]}

Nezumi shifted uneasily. Shion could hear a deep sigh.

"Stop that, will you? The way you're butchering his lines, Macbeth is
probably spinning in his grave."

"Are you saying I'm not cut out for acting?"

"Astonishing lack of talent. You probably couldn't even be an extra in a
Shakespeare play. I'd advise you to give up any fruitless hopes, Shion."

"I guess I will. It's too bad, really."

"There's a good boy."

Shion was smiling. It was no ugly twist of the lips: he felt a faint but
genuine smile spread across his face. At the same time, he could feel an
expanse of sky spreading out over his head.

Invited along by Nezumi's voice, Shion had smiled, and seen the sky.

It was that deepest hue of blue he had seen, lying in the grassy field.
The colour of the heavens was spreading across the darkness. True, this
world was ridden with brutality and falseness. Indeed, it was rife with
it. But that wasn't the only thing that existed. Because, look―in this
world, and in people's souls, there definitely existed beautiful things
like the blue of the lofty skies.

Nezumi's voice became a bubbling spring that quenched Shion's body and
filled him to the brim. It was a strange voice. It melted the soul, and
regenerated people to life.

"Just a little more, and we'll be able to catch a breath."

Nezumi half-twisted to look at him. Shion could see a dim light over
Nezumi's shoulder. It didn't flicker like the light bulbs. It was dim,
but it wasn't the kind of dimness that made one uneasy about when the
light would go out.

"What's there?"

"A resting place. A temporary one."

"Resting place... we can rest there, huh."

He had felt like he could go on walking forever. He thought he would
have to keep thinking like this, else they would not be able to escape.

But we can rest.

He exhaled. He wanted to spring forward, but his knees were weak, and
walking was the best he could manage.

They emerged at the end of the passageway. Shion gulped. The scenery
changed abruptly.

It was a room with white walls and a white floor. It was quite spacious.
Thanks to the man-made light attached to the ceiling, the thick inky
darkness had lightened into a dusky evening shade. Although hazy,
Shion's vision could now capture things clearly.

Ahead of the passage, he could see a greyish door. There was no
furniture or windows in the room. There was no stench of blood, or
groaning voices. It was a white room, filled with nothing. There were a
few shadowy figures curled up in a corner of the room. They were
presumably the ones who had been crammed into the first elevator load,
and had managed to survive and make their way here.

Shion buckled near the entrance. All the strength was leaving his body.

"Don't go to sleep." Nezumi knelt down beside him. "We don't have time
for that."

"We're heading somewhere else again?"

"Why, it would be no fun if this was our final destination. I thought
you came here to see that certain cute girl of yours?"

Safu.

He clenched his fists. He let his gaze dart around. Just as he thought,
he was not met with the gaze he was looking for. She had been kidnapped,
after all, by the Security Bureau, and imprisoned inside the
Correctional Facility.

"I wonder if Safu's safe?"

"Who knows?" Nezumi answered. "But if she's alive, she's probably in a
much better situation than we are. She might even be enjoying a
luxurious afternoon tea. If she's alive, that is."

"Safu is alive."

"You're trying to believe that she is. Your own selfish wishes."

"You must believe it too. If you didn't, you wouldn't have come with
me."

"Oh really?"

"Am I wrong?"

"Shion, why don't you rewire your brain once in a while to get out of
that naive thought pattern, hm?"

"Nezumi, but... oh―"

Shion shut his mouth. A man was staggering across his path on unsteady
feet. He swayed forward, and crumpled face-first onto the floor. The man
behind him tripped over the body, and also fell. Neither of them moved.
However, Shion could tell that they were still breathing. Their fallen
backs were still rising and falling slightly. But the man who fell first
lay still moments later.

"Aren't you gonna help him?"

Shion fell silent this time in answer to Nezumi's question.

"What's wrong? Usually you'd be there in a flash, helping him up."

"I can't."

His hands and feet felt like they were tied to lead weights. Even moving
a finger took a large effort. It took all this energy to keep his body
standing. He wasn't able to extend a hand to to others. And besides....

If he reached out and helped the man up, what would he do then? He
wouldn't be able to treat his wounds, or console him in his grief, or
even give him water to drink.

Suddenly, the man let out a groan. Then he began coughing violently.
Once it passed, he groaned again. He was probably gravely wounded. His
groan was fraught with pain, as if his innards were being twisted.

"Somebody... help me..." The man moaned. He gasped for air like a
wounded animal. "Somebody... please...."

Shion plugged his ears. He closed his eyes. He knew he was being a
coward. Hadn't he learned so many times over how cowardly, how shameful
it was not trying to see, not trying to listen?

Look. Listen. Don't try to make excuses. Fight with anything that tries
to make you. Your enemies aren't only outside of you. They're inside
you, too. You have to fight with your own self who tries to avert your
eyes from what you don't want to see, and cover your ears from things
you don't want to hear.

I know. I know, Nezumi. But I can't do it now. Right now, I'm more
powerless and fragile than anything. I can't bear seeing, or hearing,
any more.

The man lifted his face. Their eyes met. To his utter misfortune, their
eyes had met. Shion shrank back. The man was dying. He was on the brink,
but unable to die completely, and writhing in the suffering of it.

"Help... me..."

Perhaps his bones were broken; perhaps his innards were crushed: bloody
foam was spilling out of the man's mouth. His whole body was convulsing
in small jerks. For the man, death was the only path out of his
suffering. But even Death was laughing scornfully at him. It would not
visit him so easily. His residual life came back to lash the man again
and again.

He came crawling towards them. His gaze never left Shion. His eyes were
like a murky swamp, and at the same time, like a bottomless cavern.

"Help me..."

Please. Save me. Save me and raise me from this eternal suffering. Let
me rest―oh, please―let me be at peace.

Shion swallowed the saliva in his mouth. Before he knew it, he was
kneeling down beside the man who was lying on his back. His long neck
protruded from his shirt which was reduced to rags. It was a thin,
stringy, pitiful neck. Even above ground, he had probably not led a
hospitable life. It was admirable for him to have come this far.

The man was looking only at Shion. A murky swamp, a bottomless cavern.
Its clouded depths reflected nothing, harboured nothing. His eyes did
not even blink. Only his bloodstained lips were moving.

"Why... did I have to..." he croaked.

Yes. What did this man ever do? Why did he have to go through something
like this? He was a West Block resident: why, for that reason solely,
did he have to be crushed like an insect? For what reason did he have to
endure so much suffering?

"Why... why..."

The man's lips never stopped moving. Wringing the last strength from his
body, he repeated his question, over and over and over.

Tell me. Why? Why? Why? Why?

Shion, stooped above the man's face, slowly shook his head.

I can't answer that. I can't give you any answer at all.

"I'm sorry," he whispered. If there was anything he could do, it was....

He put his fingers to the man's throat. It was damp, yet cold. All he
had to do was put a little strength into these fingers. His weakening
breathing would probably stop without any pain. Then he would be at
peace. If there's anything I could do, it would be to flex these
fingers, and choke him.

On his palms, his fingers, he felt the sensation of raw flesh and bone.
His slight convulsions, and his pulse. The man's mouth opened, and
bloody foam and a groan poured forth. The tip of his tongue was
wiggling. Shion's arms trembled. He couldn't put any strength in them.

"Stop, that's enough."

He was pulled back by the shoulder. The neck slid from Shion's fingers
like it was coated in sticky ooze.

"He'll never go easily like that."

Shion turned around, and gazed at Nezumi. For an instant, a shadow
flitted across his glittering dark-grey eyes. It was a pitying shadow.

"Nezumi, I..."

"You can't do it." A quivering sigh escaped his shapely lips. "I think
Executioner might be an even worse job for you than Actor."

Shoving Shion aside, Nezumi stepped forward. The man was lying on his
back, breathing raggedly. With every breath, there was a gurgling at the
back of his throat. His fingers bent, and clawed at the air. His
suffering was not allayed even a little. The man only lay and gurgled,
as if he had even lost the strength to writhe in pain. Nezumi knelt down
on one knee, crouched low, and whispered in his ear.

"Does it hurt?"

Only the sound of breathing answered him.

"It'll be alright. You'll feel better soon."

"Feel... better..."

"Yeah. You hung in there well. There won't be any more suffering for
you. Relax, and close your eyes."

"I committed... a crime...."

"A crime?"

"I beat... a little child... once..."

"Mm-hmm."

"I tricked... an elderly... and st-stole... money...."

"Mm-hmm."

"I told lots... and lots... of lies..."

"Mm-hmm."

"I b... betrayed... so... many people..."

Nezumi slid a pair of leather gloves on. Then, he gently stroked the
man's cheek.

"Good. I've heard everything. It's alright now, everything is forgiven."

"For...given..."

"Yeah. All your crimes are now forgiven. There's nothing to be afraid
of."

Nezumi's hand rested over the man's mouth and nose.

"You endured. You lived. I admire you from the bottom of my heart, and
dedicate a song to you."

"A song... for me..."

"For you."

With the bottom half of his face covered, the man narrowed his eyes. He
was smiling. Shion couldn't believe what he was seeing. He stared
transfixed at the man's softened eyes.

He's smiling.

"Close your eyes softly. See, all the suffering... it's going away."

A quiet melody flowed through the air. Soft, lilting, the sounds
overlapped. Shion felt like his own body was rising up. It was
weightless, like cotton fluff, and bobbed and drifted on the breeze.
Like a bird, he faced the stream of air, and soared. Released from
myriad things, he was free.

His song steals away souls that are struggling because they can't die.
Just like how the wind scatters flower petals, his song cuts the soul
away from the body.

Inukashi had once said those words. It was not a lie. Indeed, his soul
was being led off. To some place that was not here, it was being carried
effortlessly. It was being thieved away.

The singing stopped. Silence wrapped around them. Shion had closed his
eyes without realizing. The silence seemed to gently urge him to lift
his eyelids. He opened his eyes to see Nezumi still on one knee, about
to take his hand off the man's face.

The man still had his eyes closed. His mouth was still stained with
blood, but it was no longer twisted in agony.~

"Has he passed away?"

"Just now." Nezumi let out a long exhale, and slumped back against the
wall. He took off his gloves, and clenched them in his fist.

"Piece of shit," he heard Nezumi swear under his breath.

"Nezumi..."

"Fucking, idiotic piece of shit."

"Who're you talking about?"

"You."

The pair of gloves whizzed towards him. As if they had a will of their
own, they attacked Shion, smacked him right on the face, and slid to the
ground.

"You're hopeless. Foolish, clumsy, useless beyond all hope."

"Yeah."

Shion picked the gloves up. Nezumi was right. He was foolish, clumsy,
and useless. Powerless, and unskilled. No matter how many insults were
hurled at him, he could only nod and agree.

"Not just you." Nezumi raked his bangs up, and looked down. "So am I,
and the guy that just died. We're all pieces of shit."

"You're not!" Shion leaned forward to face him. Nezumi lifted his face,
and furrowed his brow.

"We're the same. You and I."

"No we're not. We're totally different."

"How?"

Shion drew his chin back, and looked directly into the pair of grey
eyes.

"You saved him."

"Me? I just helped the guy stop breathing. Gave him a little push."

"Isn't that the same as giving him salvation?"

The rims of Nezumi's eyes quavered slightly.

"It's murder."

It was a word he had not expected to hear. Nezumi blinked slowly, just
once, in front of Shion's eyes, and extended a hand to him.

"Give me my gloves."

"Huh?"

"My gloves. Give them back to me."

"Oh―right."

With the leather gloves back in his hands, Nezumi clicked his tongue
irritably and muttered that they had gotten dirty.

"Now they've got that guy's blood and spit on it. These were my
favourite gloves."

"Nezumi... what do you mean by murder?"

"Murder is murder," Nezumi answered brusquely. "What I did was kill that
man. I covered his mouth while he was still alive, and suffocated him.
People usually call that murder, Shion, just in case you didn't know."

"But thanks to you, he was saved. He was freed from suffering."

"So?"

"So―" Shion stammered, "so you saved him. Now he's at rest. He was
released from pain, he was able to repent his sins, and he was able to
go peacefully. What you did wasn't murder. It was salvation."

Nezumi leaned against the wall and blinked at him again.

"That's arrogant of you."

"Arrogant?"

"Yeah. That's arrogant of you, you know that? Arrogant enough to be able
to call killing someone 'salvation'. Who are you, Shion? God? Are you
mighty enough that you can preside over other people's deaths?"

"Nezumi, I just―"

"That man shouldn't have gone peacefully," Nezumi said savagely.

"Huh?"

"He should have kept suffering until he died. He should never have
repented his sins and gone in tranquility. He should have loathed and
cursed his unfair death, and he should have gasped his last breaths
writhing in pain. Look."

Nezumi jerked his chin.

"Just look at this room. Remember what the execution chamber back there
looked like. How could you leave this world peacefully after being
crushed, killed, and tormented like mere insects? You can't. Of course
you can't. Most people who get caught in the Hunt don't escape. They're
forced to die a gruesome death. And when those dying people leave, they
ought to leave strewing words of suffering and hatred everywhere. Then
at least their true feelings― even if it's just deep resentment or
damnation... They should never have their true feelings stolen from
them. A peaceful death would be a fake imitation. Getting treated like
bugs, getting abused, only to die smiling? What salvation, huh? That's
just a convenient excuse. It's a low, filthy excuse. Don't you agree?
There's only gruesome death here. I trust even you would be getting the
picture by now, I hope?"

"Yeah..."

"Do you really understand? Then―" Nezumi averted his eyes from Shion.
His grey eyes had only shifted a little, but Shion felt like a shadow
had been thrown over the light that had been shining on him dimly. It
was impossible, he knew, but he could feel it.

"Then restrain your arrogance. Respect death as it is. Don't think so
highly of yourself, and don't think you can be the one to give people a
painless death. Don't ever put your fingers around someone's throat
again."

Shion stretched both his palms. He could still feel man's neck on his
hands. His fingertips were shaking.

If these hands had power, if they had the power to bring a peaceful
death, if they had the power to steal souls away like Nezumi, what would
I have done?

He asked himself, and Shion felt like his shaking fingers were answering
him.

I probably wouldn't have loosened my grip... and if that's called
murder, then I would have become the murderer. But―but―could that really
be evil?

"Nezumi."

"What?"

"Is it wrong to make excuses?"

"What?"

"Is it wrong to be released from suffering in the last moment of your
life? Is it wrong to die smiling?"

Whether it was just an excuse, or fake imitation, Shion, unlike Nezumi,
wasn't able to reject the fact that people wished a peaceful death, and
that there were those who wanted to grant that wish. Nezumi sighed.

"Shion, do you still not understand? If you think of the dozens―no,
hundreds by now, if you think of the people who have been killed
already... what happens to those hundreds of lives, their hatred, their
resentment? Are you gonna make excuses, and pretend it never existed?"

"No. It wouldn't happen that way. That would never be tolerated. But
that's what the survivors are supposed to do. They live, they remember,
and they tell others. They tell the truth of what happened in this
place. It's a job for the survivors―for us. We'll engrave it into our
memory, and never forget. But―but at least―for those who are already
dying... if only they could go without hatred, if only we could―"

"Grant them an eternal slumber?"

"Yeah."

"Idealistic, aren't you."

"I don't think it's wrong. I don't think what you did is murder, at
least. I just can't see it that way."

Nezumi's breathing quickened slightly. A shadow skimmed across his eyes.
His gaze darkened as he looked at Shion, and wavered along with his
breaths.

"Remembering is the role of the survivors, huh... convenient, isn't it?
How can you be so sure that there'll even be survivors? No wait, I see,
you're already assuming you'll survive. Quite the optimist, aren't you,
young master?"

"We vowed together that we'd make it back alive."

"That we'd never die, no matter what?"

"Yeah. We'll live, and go back to that room together."

Back to that room. The basement room in which they lived flashed in the
back of Shion's mind. It was vivid, as if it were right before his eyes.
The numerous books he had taken a whole week to sort through; the
bookshelves, which covered the wall and reached to the ceiling; the
beautiful and lavishly-bound book―Nezumi had said it was a story of a
far-off land; the tattered and faded, though sturdy, chair; the pitiful
bed with its stiff mattress; the pot puffing steam over the heater; the
little mice scampering about the room. Cravat, Hamlet, Tsukiyo.

Shion clutched at his chest. He yearned for them so much, he felt dizzy.

I want to go back, to that place. I want to live those days once more.
Those images did not shatter like the phantom vision of No. 6. It didn't
ripple and disappear. It stood firm, vivid and almost repulsively real.
It brought to him even the smell of the books, and the chattering of the
mice. The impulse to dig his nails into his skin and tear at himself,
pressed on his chest. He longed, and desperately so. He wanted to go
back.

That room was the only place he intended to return to alive.

Nezumi gave a little snap of his fingers.

"You should survive and write a reportage of your infiltration into the
Correctional Facility. Who knows, it might sell."

"You told me a while ago I wasn't meant to be a writer."

"Did I? It's quite the difficult task finding the right job for you. But
I do acknowledge that you have a way with handling dogs, and sorting
books, for one thing."

"Speaking of which, I think I left a half-finished book on your bed."

"What book?"

"It's a story that takes place in some faraway land. About a man who
sells his soul to the Devil."

"Ah." Nezumi closed his eyes for some moments, and muttered something
under his breath. "Shion," he said.

"Hm?"

"We've only just started this journey."

"I know. Everything lies ahead... right?"

"I'm sure looking forward to it."

"To what?"

"Watching you," Nezumi replied. "Remembering is the role of the
survivors―your own words. I wonder how far you'd be able to act on them?
I'll be sure to watch carefully whether you seriously try to remember
everything you see from here on out, or force yourself to forget. I'll
see it right through to the end, when those lips go from spewing pretty
words to twisting into a scowl."

His tone was flat and regular. There was no hint of sarcasm, anger, or
irritation. Though devoid of all emotion, his voice, for some reason,
was heavy. Shion clenched his fingers, and posed a question.

"Do you not believe me?"

"If it's about your memorization abilities, then I have absolute faith
in that."

"Which means you have doubts when it comes to my own humanity."

"Quite a few."

Nezumi's fingers reached out and pinched Shion's chin. His eyes
narrowed, and their grey light intensified.

"I've always thought we could never live in harmony," he said, "that no
matter how much we lived together, how many experiences we shared, I
would end my life without ever having understood you. Shion, I'm going
to tell you the truth. Sometimes... I feel hatred towards you to the
point that I want to kill you. Just happens sometimes."

"I knew that."

"You knew?"

"I kind of realized that you―hated me."

Nezumi's fingertips dug into his chin.

"You're like No. 6 itself. It flings pretty words and ideologies around,
but its true form is something hideous. Like a cruel devil shrouded in a
beautiful veil."

"And you're saying that's me?" Shion grabbed Nezumi's wrist, and
wrenched his fingers free from his chin. "Is that my true form, as you
see it?"

There was no answer. Shion gripped Nezumi's wrist tightly.

"I'm different from No. 6. Absolutely different. You don't realize
that."

He could feel Nezumi's pulse against his clenched fingers. He gripped
harder.

"How are you different?"

"I would never deceive you. I wouldn't wear any veil. I'm laying
everything before you, as who I really am."

"Shion, let go of my hand. It hurts."

"I'm laying it out right in front of you. Your eyes are the ones that
are too clouded to see. You cling to the idea of No. 6, and don't try to
see me without tying me to it. True form? You must be kidding me," he
spat. "When have you ever honestly tried to see me as who I am?"

His anger boiled, and its heat scalded his body.

You're the one who never tries to take that step towards me. If you hate
me so much you want to kill me, then why don't you? You only ever judge
my crimes, or loathe me through the lens of No. 6. If you could hurl
your emotions at me―me as a human being―then even if it was hatred so
potent it was murderous, I would accept it. I've steeled myself to
accept it.

Why don't you understand that?

Shion's anger passed its boiling point, and now frothed and steamed
fiercely. Nezumi shook his head as if to push him away.

"Let go." He extracted his wrist from Shion's fingers. "Geez, don't just
grip as hard as you can like that. That could've broken bones."

"You're not that delicate."

"I'm talking about your strength. If you had this kind of power, I wish
you'd use it when you actually need it. Look, it's all red."

Nezumi's extended wrist now bore faint red bands. Shion had been
gripping harder than he thought.

"Didn't know you had this much power, did you?" Nezumi asked.

"No, I didn't."

"See, you don't even know about yourself." Nezumi slid his gloves on,
hiding the reddened part of his wrist. "You don't know what kind of
human you are. Your Mama the talented baker probably doesn't know
either. She probably thinks you're a gentle and adorable, well-behaved
little boy."

"Not like you know either, right?"

"Me? Well, I dunno about that," he said lightly. "I probably know more
than you or your Mama, to say the least. Shion, you're right: I was too
caught up with No. 6 to see you clearly. But it's not always like that.
Sometimes―just occasionally―I feel like I've been able catch your tail,
grasp a piece of the human you really are."

"And that's when you want to kill me."

"No, no that's not it. I don't want to kill―rather..."

"Rather?"

"I might even be―afraid."

"Afraid? What do you mean?"

Nezumi lapsed into silence. His lips moved slightly.

Monster.

Was that the word his thin, shapely lips had moved to form?

Monster?

Agitated, Shion opened his mouth to prompt him again.

But there were footsteps. Several sets of them. They were slightly more
steady than the fallen man's. A couple men and a woman overtook them
from behind, and sank onto the floor in the middle of the room. They
were all out of breath, but were not on the verge of dying.

"It's all over," Nezumi said.

He meant that the task was complete. From the crowd of unfortunate
people caught up in the Hunt in the West Block, they had eliminated the
ones who had fallen on the way to the elevator; then, they had hurled
everyone into the dark depths of the underground. They had tossed them
away: the elderly, infants, men, and women, without distinction.

"Well, let's go, then."

"Huh?"~

"Don't 'huh' me, I'm saying we have to move our chess piece forward.
Nothing will get done if we hang around chatting. About time anyway,
since we're probably both getting sick of it."

"Nezumi, wait. What you were saying bef―"

"That's enough."

Words were cut off by more words.

"Unfortunately this isn't exactly a situation where we can indulge in
idle conversation. Damnit," Nezumi swore, "I'm always thrown off track
when I'm with you. This is what I mean by piece of shit. Come on. We can
wait forever, but no one'll bring us afternoon tea. Break time is over.
Get moving."

"Where are we going?"

"We're going back along this passage, opposite of how we just came. Now
isn't that easy? I think even you might be able to manage it."

"Go back! What for?"

"To move forward."

Nezumi started walking. Shion followed behind him once again. The
passage reeked of blood. He wondered if odours could have weight to
them. The smell of blood that still flowed from the bodies was heavy,
and seemed to slither over the floor, and crawl up from his feet.

He realized he was getting used to this smell. Compared to when he had
walked down this path the first time, the queasiness in his chest and
the impulse to cover his nose were not as strong. He was getting used to
the smell of blood. Did that mean he was becoming stronger, or turning
numb?

Shion took wider steps as if to tear apart the stench that swathed him.

Monster.

The word that had slipped voicelessly from Nezumi's lips: what did it
mean? Even if he asked, he would probably not get an answer.

Shion lifted his face. Nezumi was close enough that if he stretched, he
could touch his shoulder. The stench of blood grew thicker. The groans
and screams of people who could not die came pressing on him. Shion was
faced anew with the reality that he was standing at the brink of life
and death itself.

"Nezumi."

There was no answer. His right shoulder only rose slightly.

"On the floorplan of the Correctional Facility, apart from the
newly-built area, there was another large blank space underground,
wasn't there?"

"Yeah..."

"Is this that blank space?"

"Yeah."

A clear answer bounced back to him.

"You knew about this place, didn't you?"

"What if I did?"

"Then what was the line that was extending further down from the space?"

This time, Nezumi did not even turn around. But his gait slackened.

"You noticed?" he said.

"Well, it seemed out of place..."

It was an odd line. Especially because the map was filled with layers of
electric circuitry, barriers at equal intervals, and countless rooms
that made up the complicated interior structure of the Correctional
Facility, the two blanks were eye-catching. The first was the
newly-built area on the topmost floor; the other was this basement area.
From here, there was a white line drawn that extended still further
downwards. A straight line. It wasn't the symbol for a circuit or pipe;
in fact, it looked like a passageway. But there was nothing at the end
of it, not even a blank space. It abruptly ended in the middle. In the
Correctional Facility, every minute detail was carefully calculated to
cut off any possibility of escape; it was designed to maximize its
functionality in the most efficient way possible. Amidst all of that,
this line was a queer and unnatural existence.

Nezumi stopped. Turning only partly towards Shion, he threw a glance at
him.

"What do you think it is?"

"Is it something I would be able to figure out?"

"No. No matter how much you put your pitiful imagination to work, you
could probably never guess. I bet this place was off the radar of your
imagination too, by quite a bit."

If there was such a radar, it had long been shattered to pieces. He had
never imagined that a world like this could exist.

He had known nothing. But now, he knew.

The two blanks: with his flimsy imagination, he could not perceive what
could be on the topmost floor. But he understood now what was in the
basement. He knew now, down to the marrow of his bones. This place,
which had been a vacant space on the floorplan. was the Hell that the
Holy City had materialized in this world. No. 6 was a city state: this
meant that humans made it function. Then did that mean it was possible
for humans to become this brutal? Then how heartless could they
ultimately become? Then how could they stop themselves from becoming so?
Then....

Shion chewed his lip. While chewing, he gave his head a shake.

It was no good to think now―he had neither the time nor the strength.
But someday, someday surely, he would find the answer.

How heartless could humans become?

How could they stop themselves from becoming so?

Someday, he would seek it out.

Shion sucked in a breath, and smelled blood. He had confidence. The
confidence was firmly seated deep in his breast, that someday he would
grasp the answer with his own hands. Like an unshakable boulder, it
existed. It was also the conviction that no matter what situation may
befall him, he would still be able to keep a foothold and remain within
the range of humanity.

Nezumi was still twisted around, looking at Shion. Shion fixed his gaze
directly on Nezumi.~

Yes, Nezumi. I'm confident. As long as I'm beside you, I can say with
conviction that I can remain human.

"What?" Nezumi blinked. "What're you grinning about?"

"Grinning?" He brought a hand to his cheek. Sweat and blood had mingled,
dried, and left a crust on his skin. "Was I grinning?"

"You sure were. Really, would you smile in this kind of situation? I
thought you'd finally lost it."

"I'm still sane. Probably."

"I sure hope so. In a place like this, you could probably hop the border
between sanity and insanity with one leap."

"If I went mad, would you toss me away here?"

"Of course. I can't have you being more of a burden than you already
are."

"I figured as much."

Heh. Nezumi's lip curled. He was also smiling, in this kind of
situation. It was a smile neither bitter nor cold. It was somewhat
mirthful, even.

"I wouldn't toss you away, Shion."

Shion drew his chin back a little. There was no way it would be followed
by any sugary line like, "I'll take you there if I have to carry you
myself."

"I'll slit your throat in one resolute stroke."

Still smiling, Nezumi lifted a single finger. His grey eyes were not
smiling at all. They were still, like the surface of a frozen lake.

Shion clutched at his throat without thinking. There was a scratch that
Nezumi had left a few days ago. He had made a shallow cut on his skin
with the tip of his knife. The scar from the wound, which had bled only
slightly and had closed up long ago, was thudding with a pulse.

"Relax," Nezumi drawled. "Even I take pity on people. I'll end it all in
an instant. I would never make you suffer."

"Thanks," Shion said, for want of anything else to say, still clutching
his throat. "That's kind of you."

"I'm always kind to you. Sometimes I think I'm spoiling you too much.
It's something I regret nowadays."

"It could be a temporary state of confusion."

"Huh?"

"Make sure you can distinguish whether I've actually gone mad or if I'm
suffering temporary confusion from shock. Then you can decide if you
still want to slit my throat. It shouldn't be too late for the
decision."

"If I have the time."

"Hey, wait a minute," Shion said indignantly. The scar was still
throbbing under his fingers.

If he was going to be killed by Nezumi, he had no complaints. True to
his promise, Nezumi would probably slash his throat without causing him
any pain or suffering at all. Shion had just seen for himself how
welcoming a peaceful death was. He would not complain. But he did not
want to die a meaningless death. He wanted to live and return to that
room, no matter what it took.

"It might be hard, but I want you to check for me, just in case.
Please."

"How?"

"Just throw water on me. If there's no water... then no choice, I guess,
you can slap me across the face like you did back there. They say with
fits of hysteria, people can recover with a shock as little as that―"

"I'll give you a kiss."

"Huh?"

"Before I slit your throat, I'll give you a kiss," Nezumi said softly.
"You'll find out exactly how much better I am at giving farewell kisses.
Then you can go off to heaven."

"Nezumi..."

He was probably bright red in the cheeks, right down to his ears. He
felt hot. Even his forehead was damp with sweat. Nezumi spoke in a
joking tone, but he was most likely not joking at all.

Whether you go mad, or get wounded, if you can't move anymore, then
that's the end of you. So I'll give you a farewell kiss, before I slit
your throat.

A kiss of death. The innermost part of Shion's body pulsated in
response. He shook his head. No matter how seductive, he had to reject
anything that tried to lead him to death.

"That's no good. I need you to find another way, or else I'd be in
trouble."

"Why?"

"My panic attack would get worse."

Nezumi snapped his eyes open for an instant, then turned his face aside
to snort. Although he was trying not to laugh, his body shook with the
effort, and he couldn't quite restrain himself.

"You―" he gasped, "You really―don't get it, do you? To think you'd...
give me a serious answer... I... you're really dense."

"Is it that funny?"

"Couldn't have done better." Removing his gloves, Nezumi wiped at his
eyes with his fingers. "I would never have thought I'd... laugh for real
in a place like this. Really funny."

"I didn't really mean it as a joke."

"Alright, Shion, spare me. I understand now. You'll never go insane,
yeah?" Wiping his eyes again, Nezumi drew a short breath. "Humans are
more prone to laughing than I thought. New discovery."

The smile vanished from Nezumi's face. With a stony expression that
reminded Shion of a mask, Nezumi slowly motioned with his chin.

"Let's go."

They were at the end of the passageway. They were standing in that place
again. It seemed as if the darkness had turned a deeper colour since
their last escape from it.

The mountain of casualties had grown higher. It was natural, since the
third group had added their numbers to the pile. But nevertheless, Shion
found himself backing away unconsciously. To think the mound of fallen
and crushed people would grow even larger...

"Hmm, I think this would do," Nezumi muttered, standing amongst the
torrent of darkness, stink, and the groans of people unable to die.
Shion felt a faint chill around his back.

"Nezumi, what are we about to―?"

"We're gonna climb."

"Climb?"

"Have you any experience with hiking or rock climbing?"

"Nezumi... what are you talking about...? By climbing, surely you don't
mean―"

"I sure do mean it. There's gonna be no path. No signs, map, or portable
lights. You only have your body to depend on. Got it? Make sure you keep
up."

Nezumi swung a foot onto the black heap. Shion stood stock-still, with
his mouth hanging half-open.

"What are you waiting for? Hurry up." He could hear Nezumi's voice
raining down on his head. It didn't contain a smidgeon of irritation or
contempt, but the voice hurt him. He felt like he was being struck with
a whip.

I won't allow any hesitation. There's no option left for us to go back,
to delay, to look for another path. We have no choice but to move on.
And I won't allow you to hesitate here, Shion.

I know. I know. I know.

Shion reached out into the black heap. His fingers were shaking
violently. He couldn't grasp properly.

"Shion!"

He knew. He wasn't allowed to cower. He thrust his knuckle in his mouth,
and bit down hard. The shaking stopped. The sound of the earth rumbling
came from somewhere in the mound. He froze. It wasn't the earth
rumbling. They were the voices of people. This mound was made up of
people. Don't forget. Live, and commit everything to memory. Live
through it, and pass our story on.

\emph{I won't let myself hesitate.}

He reached out. The trembling in his fingers had stopped completely.

\hypertarget{index_split_029.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_66}{}

\protect\hypertarget{index_split_065.html}{}{}

\hypertarget{index_split_065.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_0}{}

\hypertarget{index_split_065.htmlux5cux23calibre_toc_4}{%
\subsection{CHAPTER 3}\label{index_split_065.htmlux5cux23calibre_toc_4}}

\subsubsection{Those Whose Buds Bloom}

\emph{Then shall I speak of the two primal Spirits of existence, of whom
the Very Holy thus spoke to the Evil One: neither our choices nor words
nor acts, not our inner selves nor our souls agree.~}

The baby started crying. Lying atop a grimy blanket filled with holes,
it flailed wildly, raising a voice loud enough to echo off the ceiling.

Geez, enough of you already.

Inukashi clicked his tongue, and put the coins he was counting back into
the bag. It was his profit for the day, and it was a hefty sum.

A night had passed since the Hunt, and the West Block was still in the
throes of confusion and anguish. Nobody knew how many had been killed,
kidnapped, or had escaped, and no one had the energy or the means of
finding out.

Early this morning, Inukashi took a dog with him to walk down the
bazaar. More accurately, it was what had been the bazaar―the patch of
land where it had once been until yesterday.

Most of the buildings―though it was doubtful whether those barracks even
deserved such a name―had been destroyed, and were reduced to rubble.
This Hunt had been particularly large and sweeping compared to the ones
before. No, that was an understatement. Although they had destroyed
homes before, even razed them completely for the sake of capturing
people, they had never been in the habit of being bent on destruction
like this. If Inukashi could get a bird's-eye view from the sky, he
would probably have seen a strange scene―a crater in the middle of the
market, with debris forming a ring around the edges.

The bazaar had once been filled with a raucous, though lively bustle,
lined with store barracks of questionable nature, with prostitutes,
pickpockets, starving children, old beggars, cockroaches and rats
roaming about. But in mere minutes, it had all but vanished from this
land.

It's mindblowing.

Inukashi stood atop the ruins, and sighed. It was not a sigh of despair.
He was not so innocent anymore to feel anguish towards this catastrophe.
Rather, he was astonished.

This is how far they're gonna go.

The people of the West Block were not enemies. They had not retaliated.
They had merely gathered there, without power or weapons. What reason
did they have to be crushed to this extent?

Rather than feel anguish, or wrath, he found himself simply astonished.

This destructive power, such thorough ruthlessness. It amazed him.

He bent to pick up a piece of debris at his feet. Although it was
crumbled badly, it had no burn marks. So No. 6 had not used firearms in
the Hunt this time around. Usually they used outdated high-calibre
weapons like cannons or howitzers; sometimes they simply burned
everything to the ground with flamethrowers.

Inukashi twitched his nose. Even with his olfactory senses, he could not
smell the distinctive smoky smell of firearms. Only the overwhelming
stench of dead bodies wafted over to him. An odourless weapon. It would
leave nothing in the wake of its destruction.

Acoustic shockwaves?

He tried saying it out loud. He remembered hearing a little about it
before from Nezumi. They had been talking about whales. He didn't
remember how they got to talking about them. Inukashi had neither
touched nor seen a whale before. He didn't even know what the ocean was
like. The world that Inukashi knew was limited to the ruined hotel and
its surroundings. For as long as he could remember, he had lived within
those boundaries. He had never thought of travelling outside of the West
Block. He was satisfied with his segment of the world, with the ruins,
his dogs, and the market at the centre. He had no intention of going
anywhere. But Nezumi was a wanderer. He was the kind to appear on a
whim, and disappear on a whim. He would never settle in one place.
Inukashi didn't trust wanderers, and he didn't want anything to do with
them if he could help it. But he was attracted to the the tales of the
world that were spun from his mouth. They were stories of worlds he had
never seen and would probably never see. The ocean was one of these. A
wide, blue expanse brimming with saltwater, and the enormous animals
that lived within it―Inukashi's heart quickened with excitement just
hearing about them. Although he had no intention of going anywhere, his
heart was drawn to the unknown world that Nezumi told of. It was
probably because of his skilful storytelling, and his beautiful
voice―though "beautiful" was far from adequate in describing it,
"beautiful" was often the only word he seemed to be able to come up
with. And out of desire to hear his voice and singing, the residents of
the West Block would scrape their meagre wages together, and would flock
to the shabby playhouse.

Everyone falls into his trap so easily. But I'm not like that. Sure, I
listened to his stories as if I were in a trance, but I wasn't tricked.
I noticed. I still had enough wits to.

Inukashi threw his chest out, although there was no one to boast to on
this pile of rubble.

But he had not missed it.

Inukashi had noticed Nezumi's tone of voice change slightly during his
story about whales. It had grown flat, losing all of his softness that
usually stroked the listener gently as if with a feather. It was just
when Inukashi had picked a flea from one of his dog's furry collars and
tossed it into his mouth.

"Acoustic shockwaves?" Inukashi licked his fingers, and echoed Nezumi.
"What's that?"

"A sound beam. They turn sound waves into shockwaves to numb the prey
and capture it."

"Those... spleen whales, or whatever?"

"Sperm whales."

"Hah," Inukashi ejected. "Catching food with sound waves, huh. That's
pretty impressive. If there was a sperm whale in front of me right now,
I think I'd want an autograph."

"Humans might do it too."

"Uh?"

"I'm saying humans might start using it too."

"Those acoustic shock-whatcha-ma-callits?"

"Yeah."

"To catch food?"

"For destruction."

To destroy with sound waves? Inukashi didn't understand. But then again,
more than half of what Nezumi usually said was incomprehensible to him.
Nor did he want to understand. But it was also true that many of those
words he could not understand left a mark in his mind.

For destruction.

"Did he..."

Inukashi clenched a piece of debris in his hand.

Was he predicting that this would occur? Did he know that this
destruction, this catastrophe was coming?

The wind was blowing. As if to mock what had happened, today was a
bright, sunny day, and a beautiful blue sky spread out over his head.
How alluring the colour was. It stung at his eyes.

Inukashi took a deep breath. His body trembled at the joy that he was
alive, right this moment, and breathing. Many had died. Nezumi and Shion
were missing. They were either buried under this rubble, or had
succeeded in sneaking into the Correctional Facility―either way, they
would never meet again. He was sure they wouldn't.

Everyone's dead. Everyone's disappeared. But I'm still here, and I've
survived. He licked his bottom lip. He was smiling, though at no one in
particular.

I'm alive.

A triumphant glory raced through his body and made him want to let out a
cry; it shook his body and soul with an even greater force. Loss?
Listlessness? He had no time to be feeling those. Those who live are the
winners. I lived. I win. Aren't I right, Nezumi?

A dog barked. It dug at the rubble with its front paws, nudged at it
with its nose, and scrabbled at it again.

"Find anything?"

The dog, which had a grey coat and drooping ears, gave a proud bark, and
trotted over to Inukashi to drop the contents of its mouth onto his
palm. It was a silver coin.

"Good boy." He patted the dog on the head. "Now dig some more. We gotta
find more cash."

The dog's tail wagged furiously at being complimented by its master.

"Listen. This is where the meat shop used to be. Dig, and you'll find
meat. That'll be your dinner tonight. Meat and money. Make sure you find
both."

This time, a small white dog gave a bark. In its mouth was a cloth
pouch.

"Whoa, nice!"

There were no gold coins, but there were several silvers and plenty of
loose change. Inukashi felt like jumping up and down. Frankly, he had
not expected to find this much booty this easily.

I'm lucky today. Might be the best luck I've had yet.

He encouraged his dogs to dig more, find more.

He had already heard that the owner of the meat shop had a fat sum of
money stored away. He had just confirmed that owner of the meat shop was
lying lifeless underneath the rubble. A familiar hairy arm had been
poking out from a gap in a crumbled wall. It was the same arm that used
to throw twigs and stones at kids loitering in front of the store, or at
beggars. Inukashi himself had nearly been punched by that arm once. The
man had worn large golden rings on his thumb and index finger, and every
time he swung his arm up for a blow, they used to glitter. Inukashi made
away with the ring on his index finger. It didn't go as well for his
thumb, for it had been blown off entirely.

He was a stingy, greedy bastard. But too bad. Once you're a corpse, you
can't spend your money, much less save it.

After the meat shop, Inukashi planned to dig up the used-clothing stall
next door. If he did it well, maybe he could get his hands on two, three
wearable pieces of clothing. He wanted a thick jacket preferably, but he
would take even a single shirt, a single cape. After that was the food
stall. If he could find the large soup pot that they used to stir
leftovers in over the fire, it would come in handy.

Inukashi felt a presence. His eyes darted around, and he clicked his
tongue quietly. Quite a number of people had appeared out of nowhere,
and were beginning to dig up the piles of rubble as well. Some unearthed
something and raised a cry, like Inukashi had just done. A gaggle of
dirty children were fighting over a piece of cloth, presumably a
blanket. For the time being here in the West Block, physical items would
probably be more cherished than money. Money was useless in a destroyed
place like this. But within a month, this place would turn back into a
market again, unchanged from before. It would be lined with the same
haphazard shops, people would come and go, and the place would fill with
bellows, cheers, laughs, and smells of every kind. Prostitutes would
stand in the dim alleyways, and beggars would wander about. Gold and
silver would speak, and speak loudly.

More and more people flocked to the debris. They seemed to spring up out
of the destroyed buildings themselves. If Inukashi dawdled any longer,
all the valuable items would be carried off. He had countless
competitors.

What pain-in-the-asses.

Inukashi clicked his tongue again before laughing voicelessly. He lifted
his face, and threw a glance at the dim outline of No. 6's fortress
walls in the distance, the walls of special alloy.

No. 6, this is who we are. No matter how many times you step on us,
we'll raise our heads again. We'll never be destroyed. We'll crawl
across the ground, we'll set our roots down, and we'll live. We're a lot
tougher than you think.

He narrowed his eyes. The special alloy caught the streams of light
coming from the sky, and glittered. Inukashi had always averted his eyes
from that light. It had been too blinding for his eyes. But not today.
The glittering wall looked as cheap and flimsy as the rings on the meat
shop owner's hand.

"Maybe you're the one that's fragile." He startled himself. He glanced
around, wondering if someone else had muttered it, but there was no one
else around, other than his dogs, within hearing distance. Inukashi was
the only one who spoke a human language.

He pressed a hand to his mouth, and scowled.

He wasn't supposed to think about No. 6. He wasn't supposed to have
anything to do with it. The Holy City had always reigned over their
heads. It was a tyrant. It possessed absolute strength, and crushed the
West Block beneath its feet. But on the other hand, it was also true
that people and merchandise trickled out of the city into the West Block
through smuggling routes. It was also true that Inukashi himself gained
a share of the profits that came from it.

He would latch onto No. 6 like a flea or tick, and live on. After all,
their existence was nothing more than fleas and ticks to No. 6―though
city residents had probably never seen a flea or tick before.

That was what he had thought all along.

The Holy City reigns; as for us, we're as good as insects.

Thinking like that did him no harm. He had long discarded any pride or
shame. Once he did away with useless things, and told himself that was
just how things were, he could live anywhere.

This was Inukashi's philosophy, which he had built up during his life.
He had lived by it, with his dogs, and done decently more or less.

But these days, he felt a little strange. The axis of his philosophy was
beginning to wobble. The fortress walls of the Holy City, which were
supposed to be absolute, sometimes looked to him like a cheap toy. Here
he was, mumbling things like, 'maybe you're the one that's fragile'.
There was something wrong with this. It was clearly odd.

He thought maybe―what if―but shook his head.

It was an absurd story. Absurd, indeed. A tick was a tick. As long as he
minded not to get squished and could manage to suck a little blood in
the process, it was good. It was wise not to even think about whether he
could tear through the other's vulnerable spot.

Inukashi told himself so, and grimaced again. His mind was frantic,
urging him to dig out things of worth instead of leaving it all to his
dogs, but his hands remained still.

With his hands dangling, Inukashi furrowed his brow, and turned his
scowling face to the city walls.

The Holy City reigns.

As for us, we're as good as insects.

But too late, the thought had occurred to him: he could shake the
foundations of that relationship. He could tear through that artificial
wall, and lay No. 6 exposed and naked. It was their fault. Those
two―Shion and Nezumi―poisoned my mind.

Suddenly, Shion's face flashed in his memory. It was so sudden, Inukashi
arched his back and stumbled over, almost touching the ground behind him
with his hand.

Shion. The boy whom Nezumi had brought with him. He was a resident of
No. 6, hopelessly dense, and―hard to believe―a first-rate criminal.

It was utterly unbelievable. Speaking of fleas and ticks, could he even
bring himself to kill any? And that hair. Despite being young, his hair
was pure white. It was too weird. Well, maybe his hair wasn't so bad. It
was shiny, and not the kind of hair you'd see anywhere. If Inukashi
could somehow manage to peel his scalp off, perhaps it would sell for a
good price―but never mind, his appearance wasn't the only weird thing
about him; in fact, he was weirder than his appearance.

"Yeah." Shion's clear answer reverberated in his ears. Are the people of
No. 6 the same humans as us? Inukashi had asked. Shion had given a clear
answer.

"Yeah."

Inukashi had scoffed at him, but the instant he had heard those words,
his chest had thumped loudly.

The same humans. So the people who lived on this side and that side of
the wall were the same?

Yeah.

Inukashi could tell more than easily that Shion wasn't just saying this
for the sake of saying it; he honestly believed it. According to Shion,
it didn't matter where you lived, what colour skin or hair you had; any
person fell into the category of "human". It was weirder than anything
he could believe. I should've asked him where he learned that.

And Nezumi. He was no good, either. He was mysterious, much more
dangerous than Shion. Some day, he was planning to utterly destroy No.
6. He was planning to slash No. 6 and tear it apart, like he would slit
open a person's belly and drag out their organs with his skilful knife.

Inukashi rubbed his arms. He had goosebumps. It wasn't because of the
cool air. Every time he thought of Nezumi, he got these. He was afraid.
He would've rather died than admit it, but Inukashi felt a horror
towards Nezumi. From the first time they'd met, he had been afraid of
him. Those grey eyes, that soul-snatching voice, his way with the knife:
it wasn't normal. It was impossible to get a big picture of him. He
couldn't place a finger on him. For some reason, it was horrifying. But
what was strange was that Nezumi was afraid of Shion. Inukashi wasn't
completely sure, but he could feel it. Inukashi trusted his instincts.

Nezumi was afraid of Shion. The reason was beyond him, but this was no
mistake. Both of them were weirdos. Odd. But I―I let myself get poisoned
by those two. And I believed them―that we could one day shatter those
walls, and bring them down.

A dog barked. It had apparently found some meat. Drool was dripping from
the sides of its mouth. It looked up at Inukashi in a pleading way.

"Eat." Inukashi jerked his chin. The three dogs pounced on the hunk of
meat. A hollow-cheeked boy was was staring at them intently. Inukashi
sniffed loud enough for him to hear.

Too bad, kid. Here, you gotta find your own food. No one's gonna give
you a handout.

The boy left. The dogs latched onto the meat, and sunk their teeth into
it. The sky was blue, and there was not a single cloud in the sky.

Shion, Nezumi.

He looked up at the heavens.

Have you really gone away? Will we really never see each other again?
Have you guys really left? Am I the only one here?

The glory that had raced through his body only moments before showed no
sign of bubbling up again.

How am I supposed to face that wall here in this West Block, without you
guys here?

Awooo.

A dog whined. It wasn't any of the dogs he had brought with him.
Inukashi could distinguish each of his dogs by their bark.

This voice was―

Inukashi leapt off the wreckage, and gave a short whistle. A large, tan
dog came bounding out of the shadows of what remained of the meat shop
from yesterday. It pounced on Inukashi.

"You made it alive, huh."

If the Hunt was close, it would be dangerous to roam the bazaar. But if
he shut himself up in the ruins, he wouldn't be able to do business. So
Inukashi had ordered this dog to scout the bazaar out. Since it had not
come home last night, he had given up, assuming that the dog had been
rounded up in the Hunt. Inukashi hadn't expected it to be alive.

"Good job, you pulled through it. But why didn't you come straight home?
Hm? You hurt or somethin'?"

Inukashi ran his hands quickly over the dog's body. No blood came off on
his hands. It didn't seem to be in pain. It was dirty, but not hurt.

"Well then, what were you up to?" he said sternly. "If you were alive,
you should've come straight―" he stopped mid-sentence. He could hear
crying. It wasn't the dog. It was― a human? And it sounded like a baby.
The dog clamped its jaws on Inukashi's sleeve, and yanked.

"What?"

The dog was telling him to follow. Inukashi had a bad feeling. He never
had good feelings about anything, and if he did they often weren't
right, but he always had bad feelings. And they often turned out to be
right.

Oh come on, don't tell me....

The dog led its master between the ruins of the meat shop and clothing
store. It turned back, and flicked its ears proudly. Inukashi stood
still, and stared at the thing that was nestled in the crack between a
crumbled wall and the ground. His gaze wandered for an instant once,
then he blinked, and scrutinized the space between the wall and the
ground.

It was a baby. No matter how he looked at it, it was a human baby.
Wrapped in a dark cloth, it was wailing. It was a clamorous, energetic
voice, almost unsuited for this place.

"Were you here with this kid the whole night? Warming him up so he
wouldn't freeze?"

You bet, the dog's impressive brown tail seemed to say, as it wagged
side to side.

"Idiot," Inukashi snapped at him. "What are you gonna do, picking up a
human baby? What good is he, if you can't even sell or eat him? What
were you thinking?"

Although probably not due to Inukashi's bellow, the baby's wailing
escalated to a shrill scream. It was a voice loud enough to make
Inukashi wonder for a second if the wall would collapse from its sheer
volume. He hastily turned his back to it.

Nothing good came out of mingling with babies. Pigs and goats served as
meat, and produced milk as well. There was nothing to lose in taking
care of them. But human babies were nothing but hassle, and useless
baggage. But then again, it was also possible to sell him off after
raising him to a certain age. Indeed in the West Block, there were
merchants who bought and sold children.

No thanks for me, though.

Inukashi usually never turned things down if it brought him money. He
dirtied his hands with almost any trade. This place wasn't nice enough
to let you live on pretty ideologies. Yes. He did anything to stay
alive, and he would continue doing so. But trafficking children was one
thing he didn't want to do. Only those who had stooped to the lowest of
the low laid their hands on that business. Inukashi wasn't trying to
preach morals. But he didn't want to fall that low. But that didn't mean
he was going to save the baby that was wailing behind him. He liked to
think he wasn't prone to the kind of softness that would make him extend
a hand out of pity or sympathy, especially if he knew it would be
nothing but a burden.

If he left this child as is, without a doubt, it would die. The flighty
sky was already starting to turn cloudy. Perhaps it would snow in the
afternoon. The ground would freeze over along with the coming of night,
and would easily nip the life of that powerless bundle.

But what was it to him? If the baby was going to die, it may as well be
sooner than later. If it could leave the world without having to know
what suffering was like, maybe that was happiness in a sense. He would
make a grave for the baby, at least. It would only take a small hole to
bury it. It would be much easier than burying a dog.

Woof!

The dog barked, and rammed into Inukashi, almost making him fall over.

"Hey, stop! That's enough fooling around," Inukashi shouted at it. Their
eyes met. Even among the other dogs that lived in the ruins, this one
was particularly smart. It was also a descendant of the female dog that
had raised Inukashi.

He has the same eyes as my Mum.

Peaceful, intelligent eyes.

If only all the humans had eyes like my Mum's....

At times, those thoughts crossed Inukashi's mind.

If everyone had eyes like my Mum's, maybe the world would be a somewhat
better place.

The dog was dragging the baby out from under the wall. It pawed the
ground lightly.

"What the... hell..." Inukashi gulped. He recognized the cloth that the
baby was wrapped in. He picked the baby up, and realized that the cloth
was a coat. It was second-hand, but of considerable quality.

"Shion..." It was what Shion had been wearing. It was a coat that Rikiga
had bought and forced onto him. "Why did Shion...."

The dog lay down at his feet. Inukashi remembered now, that this dog had
loved Shion. Shion had loved it too, and would brush its fur almost
every day. Both of them were smart; maybe like minds got along.

"Did Shion leave this baby to you?"

Just a single bark―woof―an affirmative.

"Th-This must be some kind of joke," Inukashi said, flustered. "Why do I
have to end up with some baby? No way in hell am I gonna take care of
this. Geez, you must be kidding me."

The baby wriggled in his arms. It wasn't crying anymore. Two watery eyes
were fixed on Inukashi. They were black, with a tinge of purple.
Depending on the way the light hit them, the purple shone through more
strongly. Maybe it was the tears: those eyes reminded him of the surface
of a lake at night, brimming with still water. He thought they looked a
lot like Shion's eyes. They were similar. Maybe exactly the same.

"Hey, you wouldn't be Shion's kid, would you? He probably doesn't even
know how to have children." Inukashi found himself speaking to it. The
baby suddenly broke into a grin. Still looking up at Inukashi, it had
raised its voice in an ecstatic giggle. Inukashi felt like something had
reached into his chest yanked violently. He felt like he was going to
cry.

What the hell, man.

Inukashi was agitated at the laughing infant, and also at himself, about
to cry. He didn't know what to do.

A shadow crossed the sun. Clouds were coming in. The wind whipped around
his body. He felt something icy on the nape of his neck. Inukashi
finally realized that he'd been sweating.

I'm gonna go home.

Inukashi firmly dug his heels into the ground. The gravel beneath his
feet crunched.

I gotta get home. Uh―so what do I do now... yeah, I'll throw this baby
back where it belongs, and I'll wave goodbye. And then, and then... I
gotta hurry back to the ruins... oh, before that, I gotta dig out what I
can find at the clothing shop...

He glanced at the rubble beside him, and almost raised a cry. Almost
three times as many people from a few minutes ago were swarming around
the rubble, digging through the remains of the buildings with their bare
hands. They didn't care if their hands bled, or their fingernails peeled
off. In this season of brutal cold, warm garments were next to food in
necessity. They didn't carry the risk of breaking like dishes, or being
crushed, like fruit; if they dug out, washed, and mended the clothes,
they could be resold.

Got a late start.

Inukashi clicked his tongue. Even if he joined that crowd now, he
probably wouldn't be able to find anything much. Could he use his dogs
to chase them away? The thought flitted across Inukashi's mind, and he
quickly brushed it away. It was too dangerous. The residents of the West
Block were always on the edge as they clung to their lives, but today
they were even more desperate. No. 6 had, along with the marketplace,
blown away the little morals and order that had set their roots down on
this land.

If Inukashi set his dogs on them, the people would disperse temporarily.
But what would happen afterwards? He would be surrounded and lynched.
People didn't forgive people who tried to monopolize living necessities
amidst destruction and confusion. If they allowed it to happen, their
own portion would not come around. There was no way they would tolerate
anyone who endangered their own lives. The kind of people who did were
not to be tolerated.

Inukashi knew very well how violent someone could become if cornered. It
was no different from a hungry wolf. But Inukashi also knew that once
the confusion settled, order would be restored as well, at least to the
minimal level. Order existed even within wolf packs.

But with all that aside, today's work was done. He would have to be
satisfied with what he had managed to reap from the meat shop. It was
idiotic to risk getting lynched for instant gratification.

Knowing when to make a clean break was also a skill you needed to have
in order to survive here.

"A-bah," the baby sputtered, stretching its hands toward him. Its soft
palms touched his cheek. Perhaps it wanted milk: the baby puckered its
lips and started making suckling sounds. It had been brought up more or
less with care, and was not pitifully thin. For a baby in the West
Block, this was a rarity.

He felt a definite warmth and weight in his arms as he held the baby.

Inukashi sighed, and gazed at it. He had taken it in his arms. They had
made eye contact. He had felt this warmth and weight in his arms, and
now there was no going back.

Oh, geez.

He wanted to throw his head back and cry anguish into the heavens.

What am I gonna do with even more baggage? What the hell am I gonna do?

Clouds began to cover the sky above him. The wind grew even more chilly.

What am I gonna do, Shion?

The dog at his feet gave a great swing of its tail, as if to encourage
him.

Inukashi had no experience with raising babies. But as for puppies, he
had raised a countless number of them. He told himself he would manage
it somehow.

Humans and dogs weren't all that different.

From his experience, Inukashi felt it was true. The only difference
between them was whether one had two legs or four legs, whether one had
a tail or not.

I've taken it on myself to do it. I'll raise it.

He had picked it up in his arms, and carried it home―there was no
abandoning the baby now. He would raise it, in his own way. If he was
lucky, it would grow. If it wasn't... well, that was not much to worry
about. It would only die.

Two of his dogs had given birth out of season. Births in the wrong time
of the year were often stillborn. Each dog had four puppies, and half
the litter of each had already been dead when they came out of the
mother.

"Well, hang in there, little guy. It's up to how lucky you are, whether
you'll live or not. If you're unlucky, then don't blame me. You got God
to―no, you got Shion to thank for that. Got it?"

He laid the baby down beside a female dog with black fur, so that it
nestled against the dog's belly. The mother dog, which had lost its
puppies recently, gave a great sigh as it lay on the ground. The baby
was looking up at Inukashi wide-eyed.

They were eyes like a lake surface at nighttime. They reflected nothing,
but they looked like they would suck everything in. Inukashi averted his
gaze, and swiftly backed away. He had to go over what he had collected
today. Inukashi was soon engrossed in the silver coins that were piled
on his table.

It was more than he had expected. He still regretted that he hadn't
gotten any clothes or a pot, but he had no complaints with this amount
of profit.

One, two, three... that meat shop geezer, I can see how greedy he really
was, look how much he's saved up. Don't worry, I'm in charge of all of
it now. You have nothing to worry about in your afterlife.

When he had the silver coins between his fingers, shining dully, he
couldn't help but grin. I sure wish that baby came with his own pouch of
money.

But―he thought, as he clenched the coin in his fist. I've sure gone
soft.

He was sighing again. He sighed, and lapsed into thought. Why? Why did I
bring it here?

Inukashi swept up the coat that had been flung onto the floor. It was
Shion's coat. He had heard the rough gist of things from the dog. Shion
had wrapped the baby in his coat, and left it in the dog's care. Or,
rather, he had left it in Inukashi's care.

Inukashi, please take care of him.

Even before hearing it from the dog, as soon as the baby had gazed at
him, Shion's voice had echoed in his head.

Inukashi, please take care of him.

He could almost see the figure of the white-haired boy in the midst of
the Hunt, in the midst of utter chaos in the market, hiding the baby
underneath the rubble. That was why Inukashi could not resist. He could
not abandon what Shion had left him at the border of his own life and
death. If Inukashi let this baby die, then Shion...

Shion probably wouldn't blame me, he thought. He would only be
crestfallen. The purple of his eyes would deepen, and a heavy sorrow
would cross his face. Seeing him like that pained Inukashi. I don't...
want that to happen.

He drew a breath. The silver coin rolled out of his hand onto the table.
Hey, he scolded himself sharply. Are you supposing you can see them
again? See them alive?

His own self answered.

No, I... no, of course not.

Yeah. It's impossible. Right? As impossible as waking up tomorrow
morning to see the whole ruins in full bloom.

Yeah... you're right... that might be true, but....

But? Hey, what're you thinking? This is the Hunt we're talking about.
You saw the mountain of rubble, right? How can you be sure that Shion
and Nezumi are buried somewhere in there? Well, I can't imagine them
being buried so easily if Nezumi's around. The meat shop geezer is the
one who got flattened under his own house, haha. But still―if they
escaped being buried alive, then what? They probably got rounded up and
carted off. To the Correctional Facility.

Taken to the... Correctional Facility.

Yeah. Correctional Facility. Once you get through the gates, you can
never get out again. They passed through those gates of death, man.
They've gone to hell. They won't come back. There's no way they could.
They'll never appear in front of you again.

Inukashi bit his lip. He thumped his chest hard, with his fist.

People who went through the gates of death never returned to the world
of life. He knew. Of course he knew.

His mind knew. But this―this here, refused to comply.

He opened his palm now, and rubbed his thin chest.

His heart was raising an objection. It was screaming that it wasn't
convinced.

They had said so many times. We're going to hell, but we'll come back
alive. Nezumi with Nezumi's own ways, and Shion with his own, they had
said they would definitely return. Yes, and―and besides, Nezumi had
promised.

If you're overcome with unbearable pain one day, I promise I'll always
rush to your side. No matter where you are, I'll deliver a song to your
soul.

Inukashi couldn't forget his serious tone as he had whispered those
words. Although he resented it heartily, those words had supported him.
If he could be wrapped by that beautiful singing voice, all suffering
would disappear, and the peaceful death he had always hoped for would
come. To be unfearing of death meant he could be unfearing of life.
Thanks to Nezumi, Inukashi was able to be relatively unafraid of life or
death.

He made a promise. I'm gonna believe it.

One was an airheaded little boy, and the other was a highly dangerous
fraud, but neither of them ever went back on their word.

They would come home.

He stood up, and turned around. He realized it had been unusually quiet
behind him.

The baby had brought its lips to the dog's nipple, and was suckling. The
black dog raised its head and was staring curiously at the human child
clinging onto its nipple.

"Wow," Inukashi mused. He had to admit he was surprised. "You're a tough
one."

He had not expected the baby to be able to feed from a dog so well. But
it had been one to escape the carnage of the Hunt: perhaps it was
blessed with a strong and good fortune.

Fate decided between life or death. God presided over it. But the
ability to cling to life and snatch it came from human power.

"Well, good luck giving life a try." Inukashi nudged the baby's bottom
with his toe. He hadn't kicked it. He had really only poked at it as if
to tickle it. But the baby began to cry. It flailed its limbs, and broke
into sobbing. And soon, that turned into a full-out wailing.

"Huh? Hey hey, what's wrong?" Inukashi hastily picked it up in his arms,
and the crying instantly stopped. "Don't cry, stupid. I still got money
to count. I'm busy. I have no time to be playing with you."

He put the baby down, and it instantly erupted into tears again. When he
picked it back up, it stopped, and even smiled.

So Inukashi had to roam about the room with the baby in his arms. The
baby remained in a splendidly good mood as long as it was being held.
Eventually, it began to lapse into quiet breaths as it fell asleep in
Inukashi's arms.

He gently laid the baby down on a blanket, and covered it with Shion's
coat. The tan-coloured dog nestled alongside it. After a moment of
hesitation, the black female dog also sprawled out beside the baby, as
if to hold it to its belly.

What's up with him? He's just a kid, and the dogs are already starting
to like him.

The dogs around Inukashi were midway between wild and domesticated. They
lived in the world of humans alongside them, but they did not trust
humans. They were apprehensive, fearful, and even attacked humans at
times. They were cautious and aggressive. It was highly unlikely for
them to accept any human apart from Inukashi so easily. Sure, it was a
defenseless baby, but Inukashi couldn't believe that they had taken it
under their wing so promptly. He had even been prepared for the baby to
receive two, three bites at least....

Geez, what's up with this kid? Maybe he really has some of Shion's blood
in him. Don't tell me he's gonna grow up to be an airhead like him, too.

It was kind of funny when he tried to imagine it, and he laughed. But
now, the baby had no fear of freezing. It had filled its belly, and was
now able to sleep, free of the cold. It was something to be thankful
for. For Inukashi, this would have been the most fortunate circumstances
he could ever be in, But yet the baby still cried. Whatever it was that
made him unhappy, made him start crying not even five minutes after
being laid down. If he carried it, it stopped crying and went to sleep;
if he put it down, it woke up and cried. This repeated itself. Counting
money was the last thing he could do.

"You idiot. I'm the one that wants to cry here. If you don't knock it
off soon, I'm gonna throw you in a pot and make you into dog food," he
griped. It had apparently not gotten across to the baby, for it squealed
and giggled enthusiastically, its voice bouncing off the walls.

If this was Nezumi, he'd probably sing it a gentle lullaby, he thought.
A super-special one that would lull the baby into a deep sleep that
would not make him wake until morning.

Inukashi didn't know a single lullaby. Raised by dogs, only thing that
lingered in his ears was the sound of the wind and the growling of the
dogs. Both of them stirred unsettling feelings rather than invite sleep.

Could I get my hands on food tomorrow?

Could I avoid freezing to death tomorrow?

Could I avoid getting beaten up too badly tomorrow?

Could I still be alive tomorrow?

The wind brought snow, and growling brought news of danger. It had
always been like that.

Danger, danger. Be careful. Don't let your guard down for even a second.
See, that vulnerable moment could cost you your life. Look out, it's
dangerous. Look out, be careful.

The dogs and the wind had always whispered those words. No one ever sang
to him, told him, relax and rest, sleep peacefully.

Inukashi stopped pacing, and rocked the baby in his arms.

When I see Nezumi next time, I'll request a lullaby for this baby. Of
course, for free. This kid is Shion's business anyway, he wouldn't be
able to say no.

I'd want to hear it too, he thought. I'd want to hear Nezumi sing a
lullaby, even just once.

He touched the baby's cheek. It felt plump. It wasn't hard or taut, and
had a smooth elasticity. It was comforting to the touch.

Might be tasty to eat.

The thought crossed his mind, half-serious. His stomach, empty save for
leftover food, contracted, squealing insistently. His mouth watered. In
the end, it was meat over lullabies. He needed a full stomach more than
sleep. He swallowed his saliva.

Geez, am I hungry.

The air shifted. The air that surrounded the ruins hummed. The barking
of dogs resounded throughout.

Who is it?

Someone was coming. The dogs lying down outside were now raising their
voices in apprehension. But there was nothing to be agitated about. The
barking of the dogs, both large and small, was not overly wrung in alarm
or threat.

It was not an enemy. No stranger had wandered in; no thief had snuck in
either. It was someone unwelcome, but of low risk.

Inukashi raised his face and quivered his nose. He caught the smell of
alcohol. At the same time, a puppy with a torn right ear burst into the
room. It yapped insistently, reporting who the visitor was. Inukashi
gave a light wave of his hand to shut it up. See, dogs were great. You
told them to shut up, and they did.

"I know, I know. I could smell it from here. The alcoholic old man,
yeah?"

His eyes fell on the coins sitting on his table.

"Oh, crap." He shoved the baby onto the dog, and hurriedly shovelled the
coins into a bag. The moment he stuffed the bag into his pant pocket, he
heard footsteps clambering up the stairs.

The door burst open violently.

"Will you knock, at least?" Inukashi seated himself in a chair, and
scowled exaggeratedly. "What if I was changing?"

"How many―times―in your life―do you ever― change your clothes?" Rikiga
panted heavily, his shoulders rising and falling with every breath. He
leaned against the wall.

"Hey old man, you better not run around so much. Your lungs are probably
half-melted from the booze. Watch you don't suffocate and die."

Rikiga thrust his right hand out, still gasping.

"What? You want a handshake?" Inukashi said.

"Get me a... glass of water."

"One copper coin."

"What?"

"You want something to drink, you trade me one copper coin for it."

"Inukashi... you little..."

"Hey, this is a ruins. I don't have any running water like your place,
old man. I draw the water from the stream. Precious stuff. One copper,
no change."

Rikiga clicked his tongue. His forehead was damp with sweat, despite the
biting cold. He must have been in a great hurry, for his breathing took
a while to return to normal. Wheezing raggedly, Rikiga sank into a
chair, and quipped in a sarcastic voice:

"You're not... charging for seating, are you?"

"This time it's on the house. So, on what visiting business, sir?"

"So the Hunt has actually come, huh."

"Uh-huh."

"Shion's been taken away."

"Looks like it."

"I'm... worried, so worried... I can't sit or stand still."

"So that's why you decided to run a marathon here? Kudos to you."

Rikiga's fist pounded the table. A copper coin that Inukashi had
forgotten to put away fell to the floor and rolled. He stopped it with
his foot, and picked it up.

"No matter how much you worry, it isn't gonna do any good, old man.
Besides, things just went according to plan, didn't they? They managed
to slip into the Correctional Facility, just as they wanted. We should
congratulate them."

He blew on the copper coin, and shined it with his sleeve. "If they make
it out alive, it'd be a cause for celebration."

A deep sigh escaped from Rikiga's stubbly mouth. It stank of alcohol.

"Shion... poor boy... when I imagine what horrible things he must be
going through right now... a good boy, such a good boy... please be
safe."

"Old man."

"What?"

"Not that I really care or anything, but―aren't you forgetting
something?

"Forgetting? What?"

"Shion didn't sneak into the Correctional Facility alone. Well, they
didn't 'sneak in' really... more like 'captured'," he added as an
afterthought. "But anyway, he's not alone. He's got a partner. Aren't
you worried about him?"

Rikiga's face contorted. If someone were to thrust a rotting corpse
under his nose, his face would probably not be as twisted as it was now.
It was an expression of blatant dislike.

"Are you talking about Eve? I don't care about him. It'd be a load off
my chest if he could get himself caught in a mouse trap while he's at
it."

"I do agree," Inukashi said amiably. "Just imagining Nezumi flailing
around in a mouse-trap box makes me giddy. But you were his fan, old
man. I heard you used to go see him at the playhouse all the time."

Rikiga sniffed dismissively, and turned aside.

"I was being tricked. Who could imagine that personality from a face
like that, a voice like that? Goodness, he's as deceitful as a female
fox."

"He's a guy."

"Either way, it doesn't change the fact that he's a trickster fox
demon."

Fox demon, huh. That's a good description. More suitable for him than
Rat, though he's probably closer to a wolf than a fox.

Inukashi shrugged, and closed one eye. "Shion's got a demon fox with
him, then. He'll be fine."

Rikiga leaned forward and grabbed Inukashi's arm. Inukashi almost let
out a cry: Rikiga's grip was that strong. He instinctively clapped a
hand over his pocket. He felt like silver was going to be stolen from
him.

"Really?" Rikiga had his bloodshot eyes open wide. "You really think
so?"

"Th-Think what? Holy crap, old man, that hurts. Leggo of me."

"You really think Shion is okay?"

"How the hell should I know?" He withdrew his arm. Rikiga began mumbling
to himself.

"Eve is a knave, a trickster, a fraud, but he's there when you need
him."

"Are you insulting him or complimenting him?"

Rikiga ignored him, and continued mumbling.

"Yeah. I can count on him. Eve would probably protect Shion just fine.
Am I right, Inukashi?"

"I told you, I dunno." He closed his mouth, and directed his gaze at the
ceiling.

Nezumi was a knave, a trickster, a fraud, no mistake, and that was
putting it mildly. But you could count on him in any situation too, to
put it mildly. This was also no mistake. Nezumi was more cunning and
cautious than anyone Inukashi knew. He was also level-headed, nimble,
and tough. He was like a wolf that didn't conform to a pack.

He had never seen a real wolf before. But he had heard about them from
his mother.

They're terrifying creatures. They don't open their hearts to humans
like we dogs. Never. They would rather die than be taken care of by a
human. They're prideful. But they're also treacherous and always on the
prowl for a profit. They're greedy and ruthless. They don't carry a tiny
bit of sympathy in their hearts. That's the difference between dogs and
wolves. Now you listen, you're a dog. You're not a human, or a wolf.
You're a dog. Don't you forget that.

A prideful and heartless creature. In Inukashi's mind, the image of the
wolf he'd been told about so many times overlapped perfectly with that
of Nezumi. He was dangerous if he turned against you. But as a guard, he
was cut out for the job.

If Nezumi seriously tried to defend Shion, maybe they would be able to
return from the Correctional Facility alive. It was a slim chance, but
it wasn't zero.

Nezumi would probably defend Shion seriously, and with all he had. He
would. As long as Shion didn't trip him up, they would probably return
alive like they'd promised.

Inukashi's heart grew calm. Yeah. Yeah, that's right, he told himself.

Evidently reading something from Inukashi's expression, Rikiga adjusted
himself in his chair, and nodded resolutely.

"If that's the case, then we should get moving as well."

"Huh? If what's the case?"

"We have to help them from the outside, so Shion can come home. What
else?"

"When did we decide that? I'm staying outta this," Inukashi said
hastily. "I already agreed to be bait once. I've contributed way more
than my share."

"You're acting like you did volunteer work," scoffed Rikiga. "You did
receive your pay for that, if I'm not mistaken."

"That doesn't even amount to pocket money. Whatever. I have no plans of
having anything to do with them or the Correctional Facility again.
None. Zip, I tell ya."

"You're not going to help Shion?"

"Lemme tell you something, old man. I don't got any debts or favours to
repay to that airhead. We're not friends, or brothers, or relatives, or
a parent and kid."

"But he's part of our group."

"Our group?" Inukashi drew his chin back. He had not expected to hear
the words "our group" from the kind of alcohol-pickled example of a
corrupted man who published lewd magazines and made his money off of
selling women's bodies. What a surprise.

Group mates?

"We're all in it together. Am I wrong?"

Wrong he most certainly was. In it together? The tip of his nose tensed.
Inukashi remained silent, not knowing whether he should laugh or be
exasperated. Rikiga, on the other hand, seemed to turn more eloquent by
the minute.

"Shion is part of our group. Nobody could ever replace him. Come on,
Inukashi, you like him too, don't you?"

"Not―well―I don't hate him."

"He's like an angel. Untainted. You can't find people as pure as those
just anywhere."

"Uh-huh, is that so?" Inukashi said flatly. "So sorry, for being the
tainted one in your company."

"Nobody said you were tainted. See, Shion would never twist people's
words around like that. He accepts things openly, honestly, and as they
are. His heart is rooted in the same place as his mother. Oh, Karan, I
wonder what she's doing now," Rikiga said forlornly. "What if she's
fallen ill from worrying about her son?"

"Who's Karan? Aren't we talking about Shion here? Besides, old man, all
you've been talking about so far is Shion-this and Shion-that. What
about Nezumi? If Shion's part of our group, then Nezumi has to be too,
doesn't he?"

"Eve, part of us? Give me a break. I'd rather welcome a slug into my
extended family than be in the same group as a deceitful fox like him."

"You sure treat him differently from Shion, huh." Inukashi glanced up
into Rikiga's liquor-flushed face. Pure and angelic? Is this old man
really serious about that?

Just like how he didn't know what Nezumi really was, he didn't know what
lay inside Shion either. If he peeled off a layer, what would this
angelic and pure figure reveal? Maybe he would be more horrendous and
fierce than he ever expected. Maybe within Shion, there existed some
dark pit of truth that even Nezumi feared.

Rikiga favoured Shion too much. Angel? That was absurd. People could
become devils, but never angels. Besides, sometimes angels could be much
more brutal than devils. A man like Rikiga, who was thoroughly versed in
wiles through his life experience, should know best.

It stinks.

There was a stench, other than alcohol. But it wasn't a smell Inukashi
disliked. He preferred the smell of rotting meat over the perfume of
flowers.

Catching Inukashi's gaze, Rikiga smiled vaguely.

"So selfless, don't you think Inukashi?"

"Who? Me?"

"Please tell me where the hell I can find a trait like 'selfless' inside
you. I was talking about Shion. He infiltrated the Correctional
Facility, risking his own life, to save his friend. He's putting his
life on the line for someone else."

"Around these parts, we call those kinds of people Huge Idiots."

"Inukashi, knock it off. If we don't help them out, who will? Shion
believes in us, and he's waiting for our help."

"Old man."

"Hm?"

"I can help you, depending on the event and circumstance."

"Now that's more like it, Dogkeeper of the Ruins. Admirable decision."

"Stop buttering me up, and let's hear your real story."

"Real story?"

"Your aim, old man. What're you after in the Correctional Facility?"

Rikiga blinked.

"What am I after... what're you talking about? I just wanted to help
Shion, that was the only―"

"How much profit is it gonna make you?" Still holding his pocket with
his hand, Inukashi leaned forward. In response, Rikiga slid back, chair
and all.

"Geez, look at you. Every other word out of your mouth is 'profit'.
Money, money, money. Don't you have anything else to think about?"

"Lots. My brain is always going full-throttle. And you too, old man.
Your gears are still turning in there, your greed is still going strong.
The only thing that's gotten sluggish is probably the blood in your
veins, from the alcohol. There's no way you'd stick your hands into a
job that didn't carry profits, am I right, old man? And we're talking
against the Correctional Facility, a direct affiliate of No. 6's
Security Bureau. Enemies don't get any more dangerous than that. Both
you and I helped Nezumi sneak in, either because we were tricked or
because we got talked into it. But this is where it ends, usually. We
get however much money we deserve for that job, and go back to our own
nests. Whatever happens afterwards isn't any of our business... right?
That's usually how it is."

"Inukashi, listen―"

"But this time, old man, you're crawling out of your nest on your own,
even saying you wanna stick your nose into dangerous territory. For
Shion? Of course not. I'd never believe it. If my dogs started baa-ing
like sheep, I'd believe that over you."

"Like I said, it's―"

Inukashi waved his hand impatiently. He was sick of excuses and
justifications. He found himself a little irritated. More and more he
felt like he had had enough of wasting words, trying to make excuses to
each other. He was beyond weary of coating his honest words with lies,
and trying to read the other's intentions.

At the very least...

Inukashi inhaled through his nose. The frigid air of the room, which had
no heater, coursed through his body.

At least those two never made excuses to each other.

He didn't think Nezumi and Shion had bared all to each other. Nezumi,
especially, probably hadn't. But they never made excuses to each other.
They didn't try to manipulate each other, or shroud their honest
opinions. They lived for each other, not out of give-and-take, nor
greed, nor calculation.

Inukashi had never encountered that sort of relationship. There were
mothers who threw away their lives for their children. He knew a girl
who had sold her body to support her family. But those two weren't in
such a sacrificial relationship. One of them didn't have to destroy
himself for the other to be saved.

Friendship, love, group mentality, pity, sympathy, empathy―it didn't
matter what name it was given, but none of them seemed to fit their
relationship.

Both could live for the other, without the give-and-take, without greed,
without calculation, without sacrifice. Perhaps he was tired. Inukashi
found himself envying that relationship―just a little.

He inhaled again.

But I don't have to be jealous of them. I've got my dogs. Humans will
always betray you one day. They'll never give back to you with their
whole body and soul, like dogs do. Dogs are enough for me.

"Fine." Rikiga's shoulders shook. A smug smile spread across his lips.
What a hideous grin it was. He committed almost any crime for money. He
had nothing against tricking, threatening, or swindling people.

Yeah, that face is more like it. The day you put on some mask of a
kind-hearted good Samaritan is the day I stop talking to you.

"You know, Inukashi, I don't think there's much time left."

"For you? Oh, really? What a shame. I thought so too. The alcohol's
poisoned you, old man. If you've got anything to leave behind, give it
to me before it's too late."

"Who said I was talking about myself? I was talking about No. 6."

"No. 6?"

"Yeah. The oh-so-beautiful Almighty Holy City."

"Not much time left? Give me the details."

Rikiga's grin widened. Got you biting the bait, his smile said. There
were times when you had to swallow the bait, even if you could see the
hook. It was bait that was too attractive to ignore.

"Is there something strange happening in No. 6?"

"Yeah. I've been seeing strange movements around the city that are
really standing out."

It looked like Rikiga was serious about his talk: the smile vanished
from his face, and the sarcasm disappeared from his voice. "First: there
have been several cases of a strange disease reported inside the city.
Now, what it is, or whether it's contagious, we don't know yet. But you
remember Fura saying this, don't you? The Correctional Facility, that
other facility that's just been built, and the Health and Hygiene Bureau
are connected. Health and Hygiene Bureau, you hear? Now what does it
do?"

"It monitors the health and manages treatment of all citizens..."

"Exactly. Which means now, that strange disease is also connected to the
Correctional Facility too. You understand what I mean so far, right?"

"More or less. I got a good earful during that farce we did."

"Apparently, Shion's friend was pretty much kidnapped and taken to the
Correctional Facility. And this is still unconfirmed information, but...
someone who was involved in the construction of the facility inside the
Correctional Facility supposedly died a sudden death. He was a resident
of the city, of course."

"Was he killed?"

"Not quite sure about that. But it reeks of death, and it's coming from
the city. And then we have the acoustic shockwaves. Went all-out, didn't
they? One blast, and the whole market's gone. They used a brand-new
weapon to blow up barracks. That's like eating leftovers on a silver
platter."

"Good simile. It just screams education."

"Why, thank you," Rikiga said unconcernedly. "So that means the city was
developing weapons in secret, which is prohibited by the Babylon Treaty.
And now they've started using it openly in public. The Hunt that
happened this time was probably to test-drive their new weapon."

Inukashi swung his neck around in a wide circle.

Rikiga had run all the way here, out of breath, worried about Shion―or
feigning it―but had managed to collect information about the Hunt, and
investigated the remains of the destruction on the way. Maybe he had
rifled through the debris and picked out things that might make him
money while he was at it.

You can't trust this guy around anything, the tough cookie, Inukashi
snickered silently in his mind.

"Don't you think it's been hectic in there lately?" Rikiga continued.
"And too many people are dying. Not in the West Block, either―in No. 6,
the ideal city, the Holy City, as it's been paraded as. I've had a long
relationship with that city. It always used to perch prim and composed,
never ruffling its demeanour as a utopia. But it reeks these days. I've
never smelled death come from it so freely, without restraint. Of
course, there have been people killed, people committing suicide,
but..."

"Not this blatantly."

"Yeah. Every death they put under wraps, and disposed of it as a calm
and peaceful death. Do you know about the Twilight Cottage?"

"Whas' that?"

"Outwardly it's a facility for palliative care. A hospice, you might
call it. Ill patients who don't have long to live―mostly the
elderly―have all suffering removed, and can die a peaceful death, not
much different from a deep sleep. That's what they say the Twilight
Cottage is for."

Inukashi purred in his throat. He felt like he would salivate. A death
not much different from sleep: it was something he'd wished for, harder
than anything. He would be embraced in softness, warmth, and he would
softly close his eyes. He would never wake up. His heart would slowly
stop beating, and his breathing would grow few and far between. But his
brain would keep dreaming. Sleep would gently coast over to death. He
would live his last without being shut into darkness. He would be
smiling.

Rikiga peered into Inukashi's eyes.

"Geez, don't make those begging eyes. You're sure easy to understand.
What I was talking about was the Twilight Cottage as it's publicized by
the authorities."

"―which means?"

"Things are different, apparently."

"Different?"

"The Twilight Cottage isn't a hospice; it's an execution grounds."

"Execution grounds? Does that even exist inside the Holy City?"

"Of course, it's nothing like the Correctional Facility. It's not as
obvious... all the patients brought to the Twilight Cottage don't live
out their lives and die a natural death... as soon as they've been
transported, they're drugged, put to sleep, and―"

Perhaps even Rikiga felt resistance towards saying it out loud; he only
twitched his mouth, and then gave a long sigh.

"But why do they do that to the citizens? What for?"

"Because they're useless," Rikiga said promptly, as if he had been
expecting Inukashi's question. "No. 6 is that kind of city. It's
ruthless against people who are useless to it. If that person's only got
his death to wait for, then why not let him go quickly and easily with
drugs? Less waste that way. That's how they think."

Inukashi shuddered. He was getting goosebumps.

He had seen his share of grisly deaths. He had seen so many, the fingers
on both his hands weren't enough, even if he counted over them twice. He
had committed to his heart, and resigned himself to the fact that in the
West Block, you had to accept many different kinds of deaths. That life
and death were different within the walls and outside. But did grisly
deaths pervade inside the walls just like they did outside?

"Old man, who'd you hear that from?"

"My customers. Fura isn't the only one who sneaks out here from No. 6 in
search of our ladies. The tight restrictions they're making these days
is enough to put me out of business now, but I've still got a couple
returning customers. Among them, some work at a direct affiliate of the
city, though not in a position as high as Fura's. Those guys babble to
the girls. Spill the beans. Why do you think?"

"Why―well―because they feel talkative after finishing, or something..."
Inukashi said awkwardly.

"No, no. It's because they don't think of the West Block's prostitutes
as humans. They don't even think that the girls might have brains and
hearts like they do. They don't think the girls can think, or can feel
sadness in their hearts. So they spill the beans. To them, it's probably
like talking to a rock lying on the road. That's why they can go on
divulging workplace secrets. Humans are talkative animals; they can't
shut up. 'I can't talk inside the city, so why not talk to the
prostitutes in the West Block? They probably can't even understand
language anyway.' That's what they think. But those girls listen.
Sometimes they even flatter the guys, in order to draw out more."

"And you take that information and sell it, or use it to threaten people
to make money, huh, old man."

"Well, you have a mix of good and bad information. Most of it is
useless. But my customers from No. 6 these days are more talkative than
ever. Before, it was mostly bragging or exaggerated lies... but now we
have complaints, discontent... uncertainty. All we're getting are
stories about uncertainty. See, Inukashi, No. 6 is no utopia. It's only
trying to keep a skilful hold over its citizens to dominate them. And
that's starting to get obvious. It's starting to fray at the seams.
Those citizens are starting to get suffocated in that interior. They're
living in the ideal city, and yet, they can't even breathe. And they've
started to wonder why. I've heard of a customer who lay in bed all
night, mumbling 'why? Why do you think this is?'."

"I see." Inukashi could finally see where this was going. So that's how
it is. "Strange illnesses, the new equipment at the Correctional
Facility, all that information leakage, and the mounting complaints,
dissatisfaction, uncertainty. You're saying gas is building up within
the walls of No. 6?"

"Yeah, gas. It might still be thin now, but what happens when the
density increases?" Rikiga spread the fingers of both his hands, making
a bursting gesture.

"Explode? You're saying No. 6 is gonna collapse from the inside?"

"If everything goes as planned. Before the city-state of No. 6 wields
overwhelming military force―before it can dominate over the world and
its citizens with its power, we have to set the gas alight. And the
Correctional Facility is where we'll start. Most of the mysteries are
focused on that place. We try prodding it for information. Aren't you
excited to find out what we'll find?"

"―and that's what Nezumi said."

"Idiot. How could a kid like him come up with an advanced theory like
this?"

"Advanced, indeed. No alcoholic brain would be able to come up with
that. What happened to the talk about making money, huh? Is the treasure
gonna get blown up along with it, and come raining down on our heads?"

"It won't come raining down. We have to dig it up."

"Dig?"

"There's supposedly a secret safe in the basement of the Correctional
Facility."

"Secret safe? In that blank space?"

"I don't have bearings on the exact location. But rumour says the head
honchos of No. 6 have hidden a total of several tens of thousands of
tonnes of solid gold bullion."

"Gold... gold bullion, didja say?"

"Tens of thousands of tonnes of gold bullion. They might be bars, I
don't know. So? Don't you feel blinded just imagining that brilliance?"

"But... I mean, where did you get that information?"

"From a girl, of course. A red-headed one named Sulu, who has a
returning customer who works at the Finance Bureau. Quite pretty."

Inukashi didn't care about the red-headed woman. His interest was piqued
many times more by the gold bullion than human flesh.

"So you got it from her."

"Yeah. It was a bed-time story, though, so I'm not one-hundred percent
sure about its credibility. But it's plausible, isn't it? A mountain of
gold in a place where infiltration and escape is impossible. Safer for
hiding than anywhere else. Pretty believable, I would say."

"Are we gonna be able to get it?"

"We will get it. Once No. 6 begins to crumble, the whole place will be
chaos. If we take advantage of it... what do you think?"

Inukashi growled softly. It sounded like a dream. Should he simply laugh
and call it a stupid story, or play along with this fairy tale, just for
the sake of it?

"Does Nezumi plan to destroy the Correctional Facility?"

"Eve? He might do it. He can't create much, but he can sure destroy. No,
why don't we have him do it? Let's have him make a spectacle out of it."

The Correctional Facility―the very embodiment of fear itself―would
crumble. Inukashi's heart danced just imagining its destruction unfold.

The collapsing Correctional Facility and the glittering mounds of gold.
He would receive two of the best compensation he could ever get, in
these two hands. Perhaps it was worth the challenge. However―

Inukashi licked his lips. He inhaled, filling his nostrils with the
odour of dogs that permeated the room.

However, if he had to invest his own life in this capital, he would
decline. He would rather remain in the ruins starving, but living, with
his dogs, rather than die buried in gold.

"What do I needa do? If it's anything risky, I'm not in."

"I know, I know. I wouldn't put you in danger. I just need your
connections."

"Connections?"

"There's a man who passes on leftover food to you from the Correctional
Facility, am I right?"

Inukashi narrowed his eyes, and clenched his jaw lightly. Behind the
drink-drowned middle-aged man, Nezumi was wearing his signature ironic
smile. He could see it.

Good job, Nezumi. You softened this tough cookie up. Nice cooking
skills.

Many different feelings and desires were mingling, melting, and writhing
within Rikiga: genuine compassion for Shion, destructive impulses, a
strong desire to see No. 6 crumble before his eyes; and more than
anything, an attachment for gold bullion. Nezumi had used this to his
advantage. He had very artfully used this in his favour, had given
orders to him, and was controlling him this way. It was quite something.
But it was also possible that Rikiga was fully aware that he was being
controlled, and had agreed to play the marionette for Shion and for gold
bullion; for greed and love.

Inukashi found himself sighing. They were like a raccoon dog and
fox{[}1{]} trying to out-trick each other. Suddenly he began to miss
Shion. He was a mystery, sure, but he was a hundred times better than an
old raccoon dog and demon fox. Inukashi missed those awkward, naive
actions of his; his earnest and foolishly straightforward way of saying
things; his carefree smile. He wanted to see Shion.

"You're receiving a substantial amount of leftovers, aren't you? That
route hasn't been cut off, has it?"

"No." It wasn't cut off yet. The man who was in charge of waste disposal
not only resold leftovers, but also the clothes and belongings of
prisoners through secret routes. He had even once complained that he was
assigned to dispose of dead bodies. It was the department where all of
the facility's garbage and corpses were gathered. It was located inside
the Correctional Facility, and it was regarded with the least
importance, and for that reason the management was also lax. But it
would probably be impossible to use him as a foothold to sneak into the
Facility, much less get back out of it. The man had said he was not
allowed even a single step inside the Facility from the waste disposal
site. The door that led inside simply didn't open.

"Would he be useful at all...?" Inukashi said dubiously.

"He will be. Every knife, no matter how dull, has its uses."

"Did Nezumi say that too?"

"Who cares? You clearly have something against Nezumi, and it's over the
top. Look, Inukashi, keep the line open with that man. It'll come in
handy. If you can, get him wrapped around your finger."

"Got it." What was his name again? The man had a thin, long face with
drooping eyebrows, and sighed a lot. He cared about his family―and he
had complained that he wasn't even allowed to tell them that he was
working at the Correctional Facility, and that he would be instantly
fired if he did. 'It gets you down, really, not even being able to tell
your own daughter what you do for a job,' he had said. Daughter? Oh yes,
he had one daughter. He had also said that a baby was coming soon... and
he was in need of money. He wanted a good amount to sustain his
family―yeah, it might not be that hard to soften him up.

"I need money. You gonna set me up with some, right, old man?"

"I know, I know. I won't force you to dig into the savings that are
loading your pocket down right now." Rikiga scratched his chin, and
grinned. "Going after the meat shop man's savings, huh? You've got a
sharp eye. I have renewed admiration for you, Inukashi."

"Same for you. Who woulda known you'd find about it so fast? Pretty
amazing. I'm in awe."

Geez, the raccoon dog. Nothing goes unnoticed when it comes to him.

Inukashi had just shrugged when the baby began to cry. Rikiga stood up
from his chair.

"What's that?"

"What's what?"

"That voice. It's a baby crying."

"Huh? I don't hear anything," Inukashi said nonchalantly. "You having
auditory hallucinations now, old man? My heart goes out to you."

After throwing a glance at Inukashi, Rikiga took big strides toward the
dogs laying in a corner of the room. They instantly rose and began to
growl menacingly at him.

"Inukashi, what's this?"

"My dogs."

"This crying one too, the one that's lodged in between the dogs? New
breed? Because it has no tail."

The wailing renewed itself with even greater volume. Inukashi
reluctantly picked the baby up in his arms. Rikiga shook his head.

"What did you pick it up for? Planning to sell it?"

"I didn't pick it up, it was thrust onto me," Inukashi said obstinately.
"By your little angel."

"Shion?"

Inukashi gave a brief explanation. Rikiga nodded in assent with a solemn
expression on his face.

"Sounds like something Shion would do. It probably came to him instantly
to hide the baby. When his own life was in danger, too... he's a living
angel."

"Angels don't thrust babies on other people. Geez, nice burden he's
given me."

"Don't complain. Think of how Shion must have felt. The little guy's got
a cute face. It's a boy, huh. What's his name?"

"Shionn."

"Huh?"

"He dumped the thing in my care, so he can have the same name too. Hey,
old man, don't you think this kid's eyes look just like Shion's?"

"Hmm, now that you mention it, they're the same colour," Rikiga said
thoughtfully. "And they're clear, like his. Beautiful eyes."

"Right? He's an angelic child. So take him home, will ya?" He proffered
the baby in his arms. Rikiga backed away, shaking his head.

"No, sorry, I'm a bachelor."

"Well, so am I. But you've got tons of women with big boobs, old man."

"Yeah, but none of them can give breast milk. Here, on the other hand,
you don't even need diapers because the dogs will lick the baby clean.
They'll even warm him. You grew up like this too, didn't you? Brilliant
childrearing environment... oh, I know, I'll get my hands on some
powdered milk and deliver it to you."

"Shion left the baby, you know," Inukashi said pointedly.

"I'll get some soft and clean blankets for you, too. And not just
one―two or three. Well, see you then, Inukashi. I'll come by again
soon."

With a scramble of hurried footsteps, Rikiga all but sprinted out of the
room. Apparently his knack for making speedy getaways hadn't
deteriorated yet.

The baby smiled in Inukashi's arms. It grabbed at his long hair, and
grinned happily.

"Hey Shionn, that hurts. Don't get carried away." Inukashi prodded the
baby's nose. A wide grin spread over the tiny face. "You happy that you
have a name now? You gotta stay alive until Papa comes back, then,
alright?"

A wind blew into the room. The sky was completely covered in grey
clouds.

Stay alive, Shion. Live to come pick this little guy up.

As Inukashi turned his face up to the snow clouds drifting by, he found
himself murmuring those words as if in prayer.

\hypertarget{index_split_065.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_110}{}

\protect\hypertarget{index_split_108.html}{}{}

\hypertarget{index_split_108.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_0}{}

\hypertarget{index_split_108.htmlux5cux23calibre_toc_5}{%
\subsection{CHAPTER 4}\label{index_split_108.htmlux5cux23calibre_toc_5}}

\subsubsection{A Name For White Darkness}

\emph{My elder brother is a cannibal!}

\emph{I'm brother to a cannibal.}

\emph{Even though I'm to be the victim of cannibalism, I'm brother to a
cannibal all the same!}

\emph{-Lu Xun, Diary of a Madman}

Shi-o-n. She tried calling his name. Since being brought here, how many
times had she called it? No matter how many times she did, her voice
never reached him.~

Safu let out a deep, deep breath. The sound of her own sigh reached her
own ears very vividly. And it wasn't only her sighing: the faint sounds
of her own body as she shifted, her heartbeat, and even the name she'd
called out silently, all echoed back to her vividly with a clear
outline. On the contrary, her eyesight was always vague and closed off,
blankly white. It was like she was in a fog.

Where am I? She let her gaze roam about.

It was a white world, like she was seeing through layers and layers of
lace curtains. A world enveloped in fog. When she first awoke, she had
thought for a fleeting instant that she'd wandered into a deep forest.
But she soon realized how different it was. The only thing here was the
white darkness that closed off her vision. There were no birds chirping
in the canopies; no bubbling brook, no swishing of the trees. There was
no fragrance of flowers, nor the smell of dirt. It was odourless,
soundless. Only the sounds of her own body and soul became clearer and
clearer by the day.

Inside a deep forest...

Safu sighed again. She had walked through a forest with Shion once. It
was a forest park in the centre of No. 6, however, so all animals and
plants were minutely scrutinized and managed by human hands. 'I don't
think a place like this should be called a forest,' Shion had said, and
grimaced in clear dislike.

Oh, I remember. How many years ago was it? I can remember it so clearly.

Safu smiled. A feeling of happiness coursed through her body. It was
very warm, soft, and comforting. Every time she thought of Shion, every
time she revived the hours she spent with him, she could smile.

I remember. I was beside him, and I was very happy. Shion, don't you
think memories are amazing? The memories of being with you still bring
me happiness. Yes, it's true. I haven't forgotten a single thing. Your
tone of speech, your gaze, your gestures, your scent... I haven't
forgotten anything.

You told me once, while we were walking through the beech-tree block of
the Forest Park.

"They call it a forest, but it's a place that's under human control. I
don't feel right calling it a forest. I wish they would at least let us
walk in the natural wood in the North Block. It's hard to get
permission, though."

"But this is your workplace too, isn't it?"

"That's why I can tell how much more it's being managed. I feel like
nature should be more unpredictable― like something that surpasses human
intelligence. Safu, don't you feel anything wrong with this?"

"Hmm. Well, I don't feel much resistance really," she had pondered
aloud. "It's so beautiful here, after all." Safu let her gaze wander
amidst the numerous branches that framed her above her head. The beech
leaves were beginning to turn yellow. Catching the sunlight streaming
down from the clear autumn sky, they looked almost like they were
glowing.

"Oh, look!" she had said.

"Hm?"

"There was a squirrel. It went running along that branch."

"Beech trees bear fruit during this season, so animals come looking for
food."

"Can you eat the fruit?"

"Yeah. They're nuts, actually. They usually grow in twos or threes,
cased in a cupule."

"What's a cupule?"

"What you find in Mongolian oak fruits, and sawtooth oak... called, uh,
acorns. What's attached to the bottom is part of it too."

"Oh, I think I know what you're talking about," Safu grinned. Shion
smiled too. His smile, glowing in the sunlight that streamed through the
beech trees, stung at her eyes. It stung in her heart. She had been
smiling then, but she had also been about to burst into tears.

We were walking alone together. But what did you talk about? Nuts?
Cupules? Can't you be a little more tactful with your conversation? Did
it ever occur to you to not say anything, and just snuggle up together,
and feel each other's breathing and warmth? Shion, didn't you want to
hold me? Didn't you want to love me?

I suppose you didn't. You looked like you enjoyed being with me, though.
You laughed a lot, and you were more talkative than usual. Oh, yes yes.
It was only once, but you even said so out loud.

"It's fun being with you, Safu."

I don't think you were lying. You're the kind of person who could never
lie.

Shion, do you enjoy being with me?

Yeah. A lot.

Wouldn't it be nice if we could be together forever?

Sure we could. Safu, you're my most important―

You cared for me. You cherished me. But you didn't love me. You didn't
feel the kind of desire for me that burned your body with yearning.

Safu, you're my most important friend.

You cruel person. So cruel, it's almost unbelievable. I don't think
anyone could be as gentle, innocent, and cruel as you.

Shion, who are you in love with? Who do you burn with desire for?

Knowing you, you would probably love her singly, devotedly, and
earnestly to the point of being absurd. You two would share both life
and death, but go walking towards life instead of death.

Shion, who do you love? Who do you desire? Why can't it be me?

The white curtains fluttered. A dark, hazy shadow appeared.

It's that man again.

The man that smells like blood.

"Hello, Safu." It looked like the man was raising his hand. "How do you
feel?" Even his voice was dripping with blood. She didn't want to
converse with him. She didn't want to speak. She didn't want him to come
closer.

"It looks like you can hear me just fine. But oh dear, what is this
response? Do you not like me, Safu?" The man chuckled. It was a muffled
and dark voice. Only his voice was laughing. His heart was not. "There's
nothing more sorrowful than being hated by you. I see, so you dislike my
voice? Goodness, what a horrible response."

"I can't... see..."

"Oh! Is that an audio response? So you feel like talking to me now,
Safu? I'm delighted to be able to have a conversation with you. Nothing
could delight me more. Come on, give it another try."

"I can't... see. Just... white."

"You can't see? Oh, yes, you probably wouldn't be able to. You haven't
completely recovered yet. Visual functions are the slowest to recover.
Almost―you're almost there, Safu. In a little bit, those hazy things
will become clear. Then you'll finally be able to look at yourself." The
man laughed again. This time, it was from his heart. A high-pitched,
somewhat vulgar laughter. It was chilling. Safu felt a foreboding
shiver.

"Ah, have I made you feel unpleasant again? Hm? These waves―Safu, is it
fear you're feeling rather than dislike?" The man drew nearer. His
fingers touched her.

"Stop... go... away..."

"Safu, there is nothing to be afraid about. I don't intend to hurt you
at all. You're beautiful. If I said you're the most beautiful person I
know, it wouldn't be an overstatement. See, that's why I want to make
you happy."

"Ha...ppy..."

"Yes. Happy. You won't feel any suffering or sadness, and you'll never
contract a disease or have to groan in pain. You'll never age―no, in
fact, death will not even exist. I want to give you that kind of
happiness."

The man grew even more eloquent. The words streamed from his mouth as if
he were possessed.

"Safu, you're beautiful," he said. "I'll confess this truthfully. I
can't lie to beautiful people. Please don't be angry. At first, I only
wanted an elite sample. That was why I had you come here. It didn't
matter, as long as it was an elite. Oh, but a female one. Yes, a
female... I needed a sample of a woman. But you were so beautiful, my
heart was stolen. I couldn't treat you in the same way I did all the
other samples. That's why you're right here, where I can reach you. See,
Safu, soon you'll stop fearing me, and begin to feel grateful towards
me."

"No... no... you're... scary..."

"Such an intelligent and beautiful person like you shouldn't whine like
an obstinate child. Say, weren't you a student specializing in cognitive
functions? I had the opportunity to read through the thesis you
submitted for your application for exchange students. It was about the
cortical column―on the functions of the finer structures within the
cerebral cortex, am I right? 'The Cortical Column as Functional Module:
The Mechanisms of Composite Information Processing' it was called. It
was quite interesting, though the development was rather awkward. But as
a student thesis, it was top-notch."

Another layer of white curtain was swept aside. The man turned from a
dark, shadowy figure to a human-shaped one.

"Oh? It looks like your eyesight is on the road to recovery as well. I'm
getting good numbers. Not only are you beautiful and intelligent, you're
also healthy. Supremely ideal. I'm very fortunate to have met someone as
ideal as you."

My eyesight is coming back? I can escape from this white world?

No happiness welled up in Safu's heart. She felt no sense of freedom. On
the contrary, she was terrified. She was afraid of when all the curtains
had been drawn aside, when the fog cleared, what she would see, what she
would have to see.

Shion, I want to see you. I want to look at you. I want to hear your
voice. You are the only one I seek.

Shion.

―Safu.

She had heard him. She had heard his beloved voice calling her name.

"Hm? Hey, Safu. What's the matter? What is this response? Where did you
receive this stimulus?"

Shion.

―Safu. Wait for me.

Shion.

―I'll get there. I'll save you.

Shion....

Shion is nearby. He's close to me.

A joyful thrill pierced through Safu's body. Hope was born. Hope was
strength. It was a searing energy that came alive, and coursed through
her whole body.

Shion, you are my hope. I'm waiting for you. I'll wait for you to come
to me.

Shion.

* * *

He was grasping a handful of hair. It was long and durable. He couldn't
tell what colour it was. He clutched at it like a lifeline, and climbed.
He was climbing a mountain of people piled and folded on top of each
other. He was going up, up, wedging his feet in, stepping on people's
heads, buttocks, shoulders, and legs to move forward.

Some raised a groan the moment Shion's foot pressed down on them. He
almost screamed. But it only stuck in his throat, and quivered there. A
corner of his head ached dully, and the muscles of his back were tense
and stiff as a board. Sweat glided down his back and chest. It drenched
his whole body.

He had been prepared for it.

From the moment he decided to infiltrate the Correctional Facility, he
had prepared himself. He had thought he did. But that resolve had been
blown into smithereens. It had shattered, leaving no trace. After
experiencing this hell, could he still say with certainty that he wanted
to go into the Correctional Facility? He asked himself over and over
inside his head, which only pounded with a dull pain.

So what'll you do, Shion?

I'll do it, of course.

But he couldn't say it with certainty. He couldn't even reassure
himself.

What a fragile decision it was. What a half-hearted decision it had
been.

He lifted his face, and gazed at Nezumi's figure. The gap between them
seemed to be as wide as Heaven and Earth: Nezumi, who knew this hell and
yet was still here; and he, who was gasping from the difficulty of his
half-hearted and ignorant declaration. They were all too different.

It was no wonder if he was called a naive little boy, or scorned for it.
It was true.

His foot slipped. As he lunged and reached forward, he felt something
soft and malleable at his fingertips. He had grabbed someone's face, who
was lying sideways. His index finger dug into the person's nostril. The
pain in Shion's head grew worse. He felt dizzy. The strength was leaving
his hands and legs. Ah, I can't―

"Shion!" He was grabbed by the wrist, and pulled up. "We're here."

"Here?"

"At the summit. Well, but that's only about half of the whole journey.
But for the time being, congratulations on a job well done."

The summit of a mountain of people, huh.

"It's too bad we haven't brought lunch with us. Wanna take a break
anyway?"

"A break... here?"

"If you know any other resting area, then there."

A tumult of groans rose up from below. They were, quite literally,
rising up from where he was standing.

"There are... still people alive..." Shion said falteringly.

"Probably quite a few. The ones who fell first probably didn't make it.
The ones that fell second, third, might've gotten away with broken
bones. If they're lucky. See, Shion, we were lucky to be in the second
group. If we were the first, we would've been smashed directly against
the floor."

Shion remembered what he felt at the moment of the fall. The sensation
of falling on top of human bodies. He had used the people in the first
group as a cushion, those unlucky people who had been smashed to the
floor, to lessen the impact of his own fall.

Can I even call that fortunate?

"You okay?" Nezumi said. "If you're nauseous, it'll feel better if you
get it all out."

"Nezumi...."

"Hm?"

"I'm sorry."

"Huh? Why're you apologizing?"

Shion covered his face with his hands. The stench of sweat and blood,
the groans of the dying people, enwrapped him whole. They dug into his
flesh, and corroded his bones.

This is all I can take. I can't bear any more.

"I... can't do it." He could only make it this far. This was the best he
could do. He couldn't move a single step more. If Nezumi hadn't grabbed
his wrist back there, he would have tumbled back down the slope. He
couldn't do anything alone.

"I'll... only ever become a hindrance to you."

"What're you bringing up old news for? You've always been a hindrance.
You've never been anything more than that."

"Nezumi... leave me here."

"You're staying alone?"

He nodded.

"You'll die, Shion."

"I know," he whispered.

"You won't die painlessly," Nezumi said. "I don't know how many days
you'll be like this for. It might be the dead of winter, but if these
corpses are left out, they'll start to rot. You'll either go insane in
the stench of decay, or you'll faint again and again from oxygen
deficiency, and weaken that way, or..."

"Or... die on my own."

"Shion, don't take death lightly. If you underestimate it, it'll come
back to bite you in the ass. Do you have some instantly effective poison
on you, huh? How're you gonna kill yourself here, without a knife to
slash your throat, without a rope to hang yourself? You can try biting
your tongue, or jumping off of here, but you won't die easily."

"You've―got a knife," Shion said hoarsely.

Nezumi's shoulder twitched.

"So that's what you meant."

Shion was grabbed roughly by his hair. His head was flung back, and a
knife was brought to his bared throat. He felt like the sharp blade
would slice through his skin just from taking a deep breath.

"Are you asking me to kill you?" Nezumi hissed.

Shion inhaled silently. What would happen if he got his throat slit
right here, by Nezumi's hand? Would his blood spurt forth, and colour
Nezumi crimson?

"Shion." Nezumi's voice shook. "Are you trying to make me kill you?"

"Huh?"

"Don't 'huh' me. I'm asking you if you're trying to make me kill more
people than I already have."

"Never―" Shion shook his head. Nezumi's fingers withdrew. "I would never
want that. I'd hate for you to."

A long sigh. The aged female dog at Inukashi's used to sigh in a very
similar way.

My goodness. What are we ever going to do with you, child?

"Look, think about it," Nezumi said tersely. "If I slash your throat,
that's murder. If I give you the knife, I'm assisting your suicide.
Either way, I'll have to take the blame for your death. Are you ordering
me to take the brunt of it? And besides―"

Shion was grabbed by the hair, harder this time.

"Then what would you have memorized the layout of the Correctional
Facility for? We're just starting to need your brain the most. I'm not
gonna let you forfeit the match now. I won't allow it."

His hair was yanked mercilessly. The pain threw needles into his
delirious consciousness.

"Without you, it'll be nearly impossible to escape from here. If you
wanna die, I won't stop you. But do it after we get outta here. You
understand what I'm saying, right?"

"Pretty well."

"Then listen. It's just starting. Got it, Shion? I need you."

"Yeah."

Shion willed his legs to stand. He could do it, but barely.

"Good boy."

"Yeah."

"Let's get going, then."

"Okay." Shion had no idea where they were going next, whether they were
going to climb or descend. He didn't think of asking. He had no energy.
He could only muster all the strength he could, and follow Nezumi. If he
could be a necessary existence for him, then it was more attractive than
dying in one stroke. To feel like this meant he still had the will to
live. He still had... the will. So his soul hadn't completely withered
away after all.

Nezumi whistled shortly. A clear, high note resounded in the darkness.
After the sound died away, a silence fell. Even the dying people's
groans were cut off.

Chit.

"Huh?"

Cheep-cheep.

A pair of small glowing dots appeared in the darkness. It was a colour
Shion remembered.

"Hamlet?" It was the colour of the little mouse's eyes. They were the
red stars at Shion's pillow as he got ready to go to bed; they were on
top of the lofty pile of books; under his bed, always twinkling.

"It's not Cravat or Tsukiyo, is it...?"

"I told you not to give funny names to my mice," Nezumi said in
annoyance. "And besides, what the hell would they be doing here?"

"You're right."

"But you're right about the mice part. It's a nameless mouse." Nezumi
whistled again. This time, it was a melody. The red lights disappeared
for a moment, and when Shion blinked again, they were right up close to
him. Nezumi unwound a thin rope from his wrist. He tossed it lightly to
the red lights.

"It's all yours."

Cheep-cheep-cheep. The mouse squeaked. The light was gone―the mouse had
run off holding an end of the rope in its mouth.

"Oh―it's young."

"What'd you say?"

"The nameless mouse. It's younger than Hamlet and the rest, isn't it?"

"How can you tell? You couldn't even see the thing."

"Oh... well, I just had a feeling. Like it was still young."

After a few seconds of silence, he heard Nezumi click his tongue.

"Geez, your instincts seem to sharpen in the weirdest moments. I dunno
if that makes you easy or hard to deal with."

"I only said what I felt."

"Hmph," Nezumi sniffed derisively, "talkative for someone who was about
to give in a minute ago, huh? Means you've still got strength to spare."

"You said you needed me. So I'm gonna try my best."

"God, you sound like a kid. I only need your brain. Soon you'll have to
run it full-throttle. Enjoy your holiday while you can. Here, take
this."

Shion was handed a rope. He could see it was woven with a special fibre.
It felt pliant and durable in his hands. Depending on how you used it,
the special fibre could be used to sling and lift over a ton of weight,
or cut cleanly through a single hair. The rope had been tied to
something, for it was taut.

"Tie this rope to your waist. Tie it tight, and then you're gonna fly."

"Fly?"

"Yeah, You're gonna fly through the darkness like a nightbird. Have you
tied it yet?"

"Yeah."

"Alright, we're gonna jump. Catch a breath." Shion was drawn closer, and
he flew, half-carried by Nezumi, through the air. The darkness swayed
all around him. He felt like he had become a pendulum. But his body soon
hit a wall. He smelled dirt.

"Hold onto the rope with both hands. Don't dangle, get a foothold on the
wall. Apply your rock-climbing skills, Shion."

"Sorry, I've never gone rock-climbing before." He told himself over and
over to calm down. The smell of dirt that tickled his nostrils gave him
courage. It wasn't blood, or vomit, or the stench of dying people. Shion
inhaled a breath of air. Nezumi climbed up ahead of him, as if to show
him by example.

"It's not much of a distance. Take your time on your way up. It's much
easier than climbing a mountain of people."

"You can say that again," Shion replied. But it was daunting task to
climb a wall that rose almost perpendicular from the ground. Shion felt
like he was struggling fruitlessly.

"Did the little mouse come up this way?" he asked.

"They've got their own routes. You really love mice, don't you? Here,
look, put your hand there, on the rock that's sticking out―yeah. Now
here: there's a groove, right? Stay like that, and lift your body up."

Guided by Nezumi's precise instructions, Shion tackled the wall with all
his concentration. It looked like Nezumi was only holding the rope with
one hand. Sometimes he swayed unsteadily. The rope was probably not long
enough for them both to tie around their waists.

I'm much worse than a hindrance: I could be endangering Nezumi's life.
That's how powerless I am.

Shion was confronted with yet another reality.

I'm powerless. But―

'I need you.'

He tasted the words in his mouth thoroughly. They were like an
aphrodisiac. He could feel it quenching his body. Shion dug his nails
into the wall of dirt, and continued inching his way up.

His fingers touched something hard. The moment he noticed it, he felt
himself being pulled up. When he fell face-forward, out of breath, he
felt the same sensation of something hard on his cheek. It was also cold
to the touch.

Is it... rock?

\emph{Cheep-cheep-cheep!}

The lighthearted chirruping of little mice. He felt the small animals
scurrying over his back. Cravat and the rest would often scurry across
his back like this, in their bold demands for food or play.

Shion got up carefully. He cautiously tugged the rope bound around his
waist. The other end was secured tightly to a protruding rock. It was a
strange one; there was a round hole bored into the tip. The mouse had
slipped through this hole several times to bind the rope tightly. Maybe
it had been trained to do this. If it was, then was this rock also a
man-made object, placed like a moor for a ship? He untied the rope, and
coiled it around his arm.

He tried to hand the coil to Nezumi, but Nezumi didn't look up from
where he was squatting on the floor. His breathing was laboured, despite
how athletic he was. It was no surprise. He had looked out for Shion,
given him instructions, and supported him throughout their climb here.
It had probably taken many times the energy it would have cost him if he
had climbed up by himself. Shion's heart ached.

"Nezumi―I'm sorry. I―"

"Don't apologize." His voice, a little hoarser than usual, cut Shion
off. "You apologize for everything. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
What's apologizing gonna do to solve the problem? All it does is cut
your delicate and injured conscience some slack."

"Yeah."

"Don't use words to excuse your guilt. Treat them with more respect."

"Okay." He was right. No matter how many tens of thousands of apologies
he lined up, he wouldn't be able to solve a single thing. From now on,
he would swallow the words that threatened to spill all too easily from
his lips. Before speaking words of apology, he would silently bear the
weight of his guilt.

He watched Nezumi's profile, whose lips were parted in laboured pants,
making his shoulders rise and fall.

Some day, I'll return the favour. You said you needed me. I'll live up
to it. I'll put my life on the line to protect you.

"Oh―Nezumi."

"Shut up. I told you to stop apologizing."

"No, I meant to say... I can see your face."

"Idiot. Took you long enough to notice, didn't it? From here on, we'll
have a light. It's a small one, but still a light. A splendid gift,
don't you think?"

Shion looked around him. The place they were in was slightly more
spacious than a bed. The ground and walls were cobbled with stones of
all sizes, and a number of them glowed with a white light.

"These are... LEDs..."

"Yeah. Light-emitting diodes. I'm guessing familiar lighting for a No. 6
resident? It probably glows with a bit more flourish in No. 6, though."

"What are LEDs doing here―?" Shion said perplexedly. "The passage down
there only had incandescent bulbs. Nezumi, this is inside the
Correctional Facility, isn't it?"

"We haven't gotten inside yet, unfortunately."

"But―the wall we just climbed up was a natural one. It wasn't man-made."

"Oh, so you noticed?" Nezumi said with an impressed air.

"Even I could pick that up," Shion replied indignantly. "If it was
man-made, I wouldn't have been able to climb it, even with your help.
Either that, or it would have been much easier. But that wall was
neither. It had handholds and footholds, but only just enough for me to
manage the climb―not by myself, though."

"Are you still insulted that you couldn't climb up by yourself? Pretty
sensitive, aren't you? Take injury to your pride easily?"

"My pride practically aches right now," Shion said. "Nezumi, what is
this about? What is a natural cave doing directly connected to the
basement of the Correctional Facility, an execution grounds?"

Nezumi stood up. A mouse had appeared on his shoulder without him
noticing. It was grey and small. Its tail was a little longer than
Cravat's.

"This place is a naturally-occurring series of caves, huge and complex.
No. 6 decided to use part of it as its execution grounds. That's all
there is to it."

"But these rocks aren't natural. This place is man-made too, isn't it?
But it's completely different from the Correctional Facility. Which
means it was made by the hands of someone else―"

Nezumi's hand reached toward him. Before he could utter anything, it
clamped over his nose.

"You talk too much. Shut up and follow me."

"Okay. Right behind you."

"Shion, is your curiosity stirred just as easily as your pride? Your
eyes are positively glowing."

Stir it certainly did. Curiosity thudded with a steady heartbeat inside
Shion. What was there? Hell wasn't the only thing beyond this place.
There was something else, a world different from the hideous inferno.

What is it?

What's waiting?

Nezumi slowly walked down a steeply slanted slope. His back floated
dimly in the darkness.

A passage had been carved out of the boulders. The ceiling was low, and
it was impossible to get through unless you crouched. Nezumi stopped
once in a while to catch a deep breath, his shoulders sagging. He looked
like he was having considerable difficulty.

Just as Shion opened his mouth to ask if he was alright, Nezumi swayed,
and leaned heavily against the wall.

"Nezumi!"

He wondered if it was the same spell as last time. Nezumi would collapse
suddenly, and lose consciousness. Shion thrust his hands out, expecting
Nezumi to be overcome by the same fit. But Nezumi didn't collapse. Still
leaning against the wall, he only murmured:

"It's come again."

"Huh?"

"Never mind―"

"Can you walk?"

"Of course. I've got legs. And much better ones than yours at that."

Rejecting Shion's hand, Nezumi resumed his walk. Shion gave his hand,
which had been dangling without anyone to accept it, a little shake, and
moved forward as well.

"This is―"

He widened his eyes. They were, indeed, in the heart of a cavern. Rugged
boulders protruded in some places, but it was considerably spacious. It
was too dark to see into the corners. But it wasn't an inky darkness.
Although dim, there were lights. But they did not come from
light-emitting diodes.

"Candles?" There were a number of them lit in the crevices of the
boulders. Shion had encountered these lights for the first time in the
West Block.

"Nezumi, where―"

Is this? he had planned to finish, but the words stuck in his throat.
Nezumi's profile was rigid. His throat slowly contracted as he
swallowed. It was rare to see Nezumi so on-edge.

"Something wrong? What's―"

"Shion, get down!"

Just as Nezumi yelled, Shion felt himself get shoved. He fell backwards
on his bottom. A black shadow whizzed past his nose.

Scritch. Scritch.

He heard a sound like rusty cogwheels turning. It was a voice.

Nezumi swung his hand. A black shadow bounced and splayed at Shion's
feet.

"Whoa!" He bent over backwards. It was a grey rat, quite big. It looked
like it had come from the sewers.

Screech, screech, screech.

One sewer rat after another attacked him. One leapt onto Shion's
shoulder, opened its mouth wide, and attempted to sink its teeth into
Shion's throat. He grabbed it and hurled it. The rat smelled dank. A
dull pain raced through his arm next. There was a rat latching onto it.
Shion's hands moved before he could feel fear.

"Damnit!" He battered his whole arm against the wall.

Screech, screech.

The rusty, creaking sounds echoed. The rats were crying out in alarm.

Countless red lights were winking at him. From crevices in the boulders
all around, red eyes were looking down on Shion. He was being surrounded
by several dozens of sewer rats. Their crimson gazes were directed
unblinkingly at the two boys, as if they were waiting for the next
opportunity to attack.

"Shion, you alright?"

"Of course."

"Just to let you know, imitating a cat isn't gonna scare these guys
off."

"I figured as much. The cat would probably get scared off himself."

"That's some coarse welcome for someone they haven't seen in a while."

"Huh? In a while?"

Nezumi brought two fingers to his lips, and whistled. A variant melody,
dancing high and low, flowed forth. It was a song Shion had never heard
before. It made him think of a fog that drifted among a grove of trees
in the dark. A black-and-white movie played in his mind.

Scritch.

A single sewer rat squeaked from somewhere nearby. It slowly approached
them. Nezumi gently extended a hand forth, and the rat nuzzled his
fingertips. Nezumi's fingers moved gently over its grey fur in a loving
caress.

Scritch, scritch, scritch.

One more, then another, came down from the boulders. Nezumi's eyes
flitted to Shion for a moment. Shion nodded deeply as a sign of assent.
He crouched down, and extended his hand like Nezumi had done.

Scritch.

A slightly smaller rat rubbed against his hand. Shion scratched it
between the ears.

Its red eyes narrowed. It was enjoying it.

Hey, he's not much different from Cravat.

The little mice used to love being petted between the ears as well.
Every night before he went to sleep, they would always beg for it.
Inukashi's dogs were the same. They were always ecstatic when he gave
their fur a thorough brush.

"There there. There you go. Hey, wait. You want to be scratched too?"
Shion looked down to notice several rats already sitting in his lap.
They weren't as cute as the mice, of course. But they did not make him
afraid. There was no trace of the aggression that they had showed
before. More and more rats climbed into his lap, and it was starting to
get heavy.

"Look at you," Nezumi said, cutting his whistling off to shake his head
slightly, "you could give the Pied Piper a run for his money." Then he
raised his chin, and glared into the air. "Is this the last of your
welcoming procession?" It was a voice that rang out clearly. Nezumi's
beautiful voice echoed off the ceiling of boulders, and rang out still
further. It was like he was on a stage with top-class acoustics.

"Show yourself. Your sewer rats aren't gonna do any good."

A small rock rolled across the ground. The darkness bristled in the
crevices. As if to tear through it, a black mass came falling down. It
alighted without a sound.

The sewer rats scattered from Shion's lap. In a blink of an eye, they
melted out of sight into the darkness.

Is it a human...?

It looked like a human clad in a black cloak. When the cloak flapped to
expose what was underneath, Shion stood up and held his breath.

A tall man of sturdy build was standing there. Everything about the man
was grey. The long hair that reached down to his waist and the colour of
his skin was grey. The colour of his eyes which stared back at him were
grey. But they weren't a lustrous dark grey like Nezumi's. They were the
colour of sand. Grey was also the colour of the desert. It rejected
life, and accepted the lives of others none too easily. It nurtured
nothing, and changed its shape with the wind. A vast and fruitless land.
Whereas Shion felt a vital energy from Nezumi, this man radiated an air
of a barren world.

"What did you return for?" The man spoke, barely moving his lips. Shion
felt a shiver run down his back, though he did not know why. He gripped
his own arm tightly.

"You came back. That means you must die."

"Let me see Rou." Nezumi took half a step forward. "I have something
important to discuss. Let me see him."

The man also took half a step forward. "You must die. Those are the
rules."

He was the desert after all. There was no trace of life in him. Shion's
chill got worse.

"You must die. Those are the rules." He felt an icy blast of wind coming
from the man. Was it a hallucination?

Nezumi exhaled slowly. The darkness shifted above his head.

Shion couldn't catch the moment when the man moved, partly because it
was dark. If they were immersed in inky darkness, the man's grey body
may have been visible even just a little. But this dusky darkness, with
only a candle as its source of light, allowed the man to blend easily
into the background, and he was almost impossible to see with Shion's
level of eyesight. But the man's movements would probably be difficult
to follow even under the blazing sun of noon. He was that swift. His
grey body glided and lunged at Nezumi. Nezumi rolled to the side barely
a moment earlier. The man's leg followed him, swinging upwards in a
kick, and Nezumi swatted it aside with his hand. The man only lost his
balance slightly before regaining his posture and lunging at him
soundlessly again.

A sewer rat clambered onto Shion's shoulder.

Screech. Screech. Screech.

It raised its voice shrilly, and rubbed its paws together. Whether it
was merely spectating the fight between the two humans or cheering for
one of them, Shion didn't know; but its voice was strangely excited.

"Can you see what's going on?"

Screech-screech-screech.

"You can see, huh. Nezumi―is Nezumi okay?" Shion squinted desperately
into the dim gloom. He could only squint. He could only watch.

It was always like this. It had always been like this. But―but I can't
just let it end at that now. I have to do something―anything.

The man had said Nezumi had to die. It wasn't mere intimidation.
Although the man's voice had been emotionless and flat, it had been full
of murderous intent. He was really intending to kill Nezumi.

Screech-screech! Skrit-skrit-chit.

The sewer rat leaned forward and squeaked in an even higher voice.
Simultaneously, he heard the dull sound of flesh hitting flesh. Nezumi
sprawled at Shion's feet.

"Nezumi!"

"Idiot! Don't come closer!" Nezumi curled up and coughed. He hauled
himself up unsteadily.

"What's wrong?" The man asked from beyond the darkness, in the same flat
voice. "Softened up a lot, haven't you, during all the time you've spent
above ground?"

"Well, you might say I've―enjoyed my vacation a little―too much." He
could hear Nezumi gasping for air. Shion stepped forward.

"Fool. It's no wonder you can't fight me; you can barely even stand."

"Of course!" Shion was shouting. He wasn't able to make out the man
clearly. But he could still hurl words at him. "How much strength do you
think Nezumi had to use to even get here? Try doing the same, whoever
the hell you are, before acting high and mighty. Try climbing that
wall―with a burden like me in tow."

He was met with silence. The sewer rat on Shion's shoulder flicked its
long tail lazily.

"What is he?"

"Just a burden," answered Nezumi.

"Why did you bring him here?"

"I want to introduce him to Rou."

"And then, what?"

"I want Rou to hear the story out."

"His story?"

"Mine."

"No one here will lend an ear to a fool like you, who's come crawling
back and doesn't even know to hide his shame."

"You don't know until you try." Nezumi drew up softly beside Shion. It
looked like Nezumi could see properly. For him, this dim light was
enough.

"Shion, listen," Nezumi whispered at his ear. "The gap in the boulders
right behind us. Narrow passage there. Jump into it. And run."

"And you?"

"Never mind me. Go!" Shion was shoved on his chest. He ran.

"Not so fast." The man's murderous intent bore down upon him like a
shockwave. Nezumi spoke a short command.

'Go'... or was it 'run'?

Shion stopped and turned around. Two shadows were wrestling with each
other. He could see a blurry image through the darkness. He could
definitely see.

"Nezumi."

The man was straddling Nezumi, and had both hands around his throat.
Nezumi was writhing to get free. Shion breathed fast and shallow.

Nezumi is struggling?

He had never seen Nezumi this trapped, struggling this hard.

You must die.

That was what the man had said. He had definitely said it.

Shion lifted his wrist. The rope of special fibre was wound around it.
He wasn't thinking. His body had been cut away from his soul, his brain,
and was moving on its own. No―maybe it was his soul commanding him.

Kill him.

The sewer rat leapt off Shion's shoulder. It darted into the gap between
the boulders that Nezumi had told him to jump into. Shion didn't follow
it. He was going to turn his back on Nezumi's words.

Scree-scree-scree.

The sewer rats screeched in every direction from their rocky perches.
Their voices were wrung in apprehension and fear. The man's movements
froze. His gaze scoured the area. His chin jerked upwards just slightly.

Shion leapt onto the man's back. He hooked the rope under the man's
chin, crossed it, and leaned backwards with all his weight.

Gah!

The man writhed. Shion dug a foot into his shoulder, and tightened the
noose as far as it would go. Back when he had tried to strangle the
wretched man in the room adjacent to the execution grounds, he had only
had a vague notion of what he was doing, and his thought processes had
been mostly numbed. But it was different now. He was completely alert.
His conscious was crisp and clear. His intentions and thoughts were his
own.

I'll kill him.

If you try to kill Nezumi, then you must be destroyed. You are destined
to be destroyed.

He pulled tighter.

The man's body bent back like a bow.

"Shion!" A yell resounded. It was a scream. A strangled voice called his
name.

"Shion! Stop―stop, please―" Nezumi pounced on him from behind. "Stop,
I'm begging you. Shion."

"Huh―?"

A pair of hands cupped his face firmly.

"Can you hear my voice?"

"Oh―yeah."

"Let go. Hurry. Loosen your grip."

He did what he was told. The man rolled over, and tried unsuccessfully
to get up. He remained on his knees, coughing heavily. The air whistled
through his half-collapsed throat like a wind that whistled through a
wasteland.

"Shion―I told you before. You're not made out to be an executioner."
Nezumi picked up the rope, and gripped it in his hand. His lip was cut
and painted with his blood. The pair of red lips moved. "―or are you
saying this is salvation?"

"No."

"Then what? If you were trying to save me, it was none of your business.
Shion, don't ever pull a ridiculous stunt like this again. This isn't
something for you to do."

"It's punishment."

"What?"

"This is punishment."

"Punishment―what do you mean?"

"That man tried to kill you. So he paid the penalty."

"Shion, you―"

"I'll do the same thing again. If that man tries to kill you, I'll do
the exact same thing."

The man sat squatting on the ground, still wheezing, clutching his
throat.

"Who―is he?"

This time, Nezumi didn't answer. He looked down at Shion silently. His
fingers which held the rope were trembling.

"He choked me," the man said in disbelief. "And I didn't―I, out of all
people―I didn't notice his presence."

"Yeah―you sure didn't."

"I was choked from behind, and I couldn't escape."

"Yeah. You were flailing about like a rabbit in a trap."

"The rats were afraid of his presence."

"Yup."

The man shuddered. "Who... is he?"

"He's a resident of No. 6."

"No. 6? ―What is a resident of No. 6 doing here?"

Nezumi exhaled shortly. "Let me speak to Rou. I'll tell him everything."

Shion sat listening to Nezumi and the man converse. His palms finally
began to throb in pain, from where the rope had dug in.

"Let us hear your story."

A voice rained down from above their heads.

Shion raised his face and looked around. There was a dark painted space
in the darkness where even the light of the candles didn't reach. The
voice was coming down from there. Just a sentence―

Let us hear your story.

With those words, it disappeared. There was no human presence there.

"Much obliged," Nezumi sighed. The man stood up. He staggered and
disappeared between the boulders.

"Let's go then, Shion."

"Oh― right." He stepped out into the darkness.

"Shion."

"Hm?"

"It's probably useless to say this, but―"

"Mm-hmm."

"I want you to stay as you are, Shion."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"The Shion I know would never commit a sin. Never." Fight it, Nezumi
murmured. "I want you to fight with yourself."

It was a plea. His tone was strained and imploring. Wasn't this the tone
of voice that Nezumi himself despised the most?

Shion closed his eyes.

Behind his eyelids, there was a darkness even deeper than the one that
spread before his eyes.

\protect\hypertarget{index_split_135.html}{}{}

\hypertarget{index_split_135.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_138}{%
\subsection{Volume 5}\label{index_split_135.htmlux5cux23calibre_pb_138}}

\subsubsection{}

\subsubsection{Volume 5 (bunko)}

This No. 6 series has finally reached its fifth volume. I still remember
complaining in Volume 1 how I was ashamed of myself for turning my
afterwords into excuses, and saying 'I don't want to write them
anymore!'. But after thinking it over calmly again, I realized that it
wasn't the afterwords I didn't like; it was me―making excuses,
justifying myself with this or that―that I disliked. So basically, I'd
been taking my frustrations out on the afterword itself. I must confess,
that's not getting to the root of the problem at all. I'm sick of it,
really.

These days I really think that people like me―who are skilled in the art
of self-preservation, are cowardly, but also ambitious―shouldn't be
writing a story like No. 6. I may have written a bit about this
somewhere else, but No. 6 to me as a work was something a little out of
the ordinary. To me, the core of a work was always in humans. I wanted
to write about, and know more about, none other than people. The only
device I had at my hands that would let me understand people was
writing. I wanted to know these girls, these boys, these men and women.
I wanted to know what kind of people they were. That was the energy
behind why I wanted to start writing, and it was the reason I kept
writing.

But before I started writing the story of No. 6, I wished to know the
world before I started getting to know the people. I hoped for a story
that would help me face the world I was living in now. It was my first
experience. That was why at first, I was not so much interested in the
true form of Shion, or Nezumi―what they thought, what they loved, what
they loathed as they lived their lives. The Holy City was the
protagonist of this story, and the boys were only side characters. But
it wasn't long before those arrogant thoughts were shattered to pieces.
But of course: it was impossible to render a world in which humans were
neglected a place. People are always connected to the world. People are
what comprise the world itself. The world is created by people, who make
it bountiful, who make it corrupt, who destroy it, and bring it back to
life.

Before I knew it, I was the one desperately following Shion and Nezumi,
enchanted by the world they created, the changes they underwent, and
their fates. And though it took long enough, it finally hit home for me
that the only way to render this world was to follow them, watch them,
grasp them, and pen them. It was a reckless challenge. I feel like a
praying mantis brandishing its tiny claws at an enormous oncoming cart.
I don't have that resolve. I don't have the guts to face the world, or
my own self head-on. That was also what I realized while writing this
story. And as soon as I realized it, it hurt to hear Nezumi's words and
feel Shion's gaze. So now we've come to this: whatever shall I do? I
wish I could just throw it away.... Oh dear me, now instead of excuses
I'm griping. Hmm, not good. But I'll hang in there for a little more. If
I don't pull myself up by my bootstraps now, I wouldn't know what I'd
written this far for; so on and so forth, blah blah.

Thank you for supporting me and putting up patiently with my reckless
challenges and weak-willed excuses: Mr. Harada Hiroshi from the Bunko
Publishing Department; Mr. Yamashiro Hideyuki from the Children's
Publishing Department. And my heartfelt thanks to you, reader, who has
taken the time to read this work.

Summer 2009

Asano Atsuko
